Teenager is getting some bakery pastries at the cafe for lunch.	A person holding a plate of food.	A man crouching while holding a plate of bread.	A man posing with pastries in a bakery.	A man is helping himself to pastries.
Barrels are being stored in the basement of the restaurant.	Wooden barrels and storage tanks.	A pile of barrels in a large room.	Several barrels inside of a distillery.	Wooden barrels are piled in front of metal vats.
Cars are being displayed on the wall at the museum.	A group of vehicles stacked on top of each other.	A row of old cars stuck to a cement wall.	Several cars displayed upon a tall wall at an exhibit	Many cars are on a car elevator.
A child playing in a bin full of colored balls.	A girl sitting in a ball pit.	A young girl sits in the ball room of an indoor playground.	The young child is playing in the ball pit.	A little girl playing in a ball pit.
A man in a suit looking very happy.	A man standing on an elevator.	A business man loosens his ties and gloats after a success.	The man is leaning on the wall celebrating an accomplishment.	A businessman celebrating inside of an elevator.
A theater full of spectators.	A group of people sitting in an auditorium.	A crowd waits in an auditorium.	The seats of the auditorium are filled with people.	An auditorium filled with spectators.
A person standing at a gun target range.	A man firing a pistol at a shooting range.	A man practicing how to shoot a gun with ear plugs on	The man is practicing on the shooting range.	A man shooting a gun at a shooting range.
A group of people seated on a train.	A group of men sitting at the back of a bus.	Men in a room watching the TV or on a bus getting ready for work	There are many men sitting on the bus.	A group of men at the back of a bus.
A man standing next to a step stool.	A man posing next to a small step ladder.	A man standing in front of a colorful painting on the wall	The man is posed with the step ladder.	A man leaning against a stool after he is finished painting
A man is trying to carry too many books.	A man is carrying a large stack of books in a library.	A man over loaded with many books too hard and heavy to handle at once	A man carrying a heavy stack of books.	In a room full of books packed in wooden shelves, a man carries a tall set of 12 matched volumes.
We are looking at 3 escalators.	View of an escalator from the bottom.	A long area of moving steps going up and down with no one on them	Three escalators placed side by side in a building.	Three empty escalators stand side by side, and seem to be turned off.
There are many pinball machines lined up against the wall.	A row of pinball machines are lined against a wall.	A play area with many machines to play on for children to have fun	A long line of pinball machines in an arcade.	Colorful pinball machines stand in front of a pastel wall mural that depicts a city skyline.
A group of men doing karate.	The students are learning karate.	A class full of students in white costumes with black belts practice martial arts in a room with Japanese-style matting, window coverings and characters.	A large class of martial artists.	A group of karate students practicing.
A man getting his make up done.	The person is having their makeup done.	Before a dressing room mirror, a young lady grooms a young man, while another woman watches.	A woman putting on makeup on a model.	A makeup artist applying makeup to an actor.
A water tower standing in a grassy area.	A tall white water tower is in the trees.	A white water tank with blue lettering looks alien in a grassy clearing surrounded by trees.	A large dome-like tower next to some trees.	A water tower  near some trees.
Outdoor stairs by a building with graffiti.	A staircase and walkway next to a building with graffiti on it.	A small staircase at the end of an alley.	A slum looking area with a few stairs  and a tree	The wall is covered with graffiti and the walk way is covered with leaves.
Fire trucks parked inside Sudbury Fire Department.	A fire department with two fire trucks inside.	A fire station with two firetrucks parked inside.	A fire station with two trucks inside	The doors to the fire station are standing open.
Small bathroom showing toilet and shower curtain.	A bathroom with a toilet and a white shower curtain in it.	A bathroom with a shower with white curtains.	a bath room with a shower and place to use the washroom	The shower curtain is pulled closed.
Holding containers are sitting under daylight.	Large industrial pipes with smoke coming out.	Smoke is coming from the top of the towers of the power plant.	Many tall smoked filled towers under a blue sky near a plant	The cooling towers of an industrial facility.
A group of men are posing in the snow.	Seven men standing together on the ground of white sand.	The men are lined up on the sand.	Seven men standing in front of a ocean view ready to get busy	A group of people gathered on the beach.
A woman is browsing a shoe store.	A young person standing with a lots of shoe boxes.	The person is wearing a green hat and waving at the camera.	A lady in a green hat buying some products and shoes	A woman waving inside a shoe store.
A man is posed in the square of an old city.	Many people out for a walk surrounded by many buildings	A tourist poses in front of a light crowd in a plaza.	A crowded city plaza area.	A man posing in front of a tourist attraction in a city.
A small group of friends is at a table in a cafe.	A red colored place to eat, red chairs and tents for the customers	Diners at an outdoor café sit on bight pink chairs under a wide pink awning.	An outdoor cafe dining area.	The view of a patio of a cafe with many tables.
People are standing on the deck outside of a diner.	A local yellow and blue colored diner with a clock on top of it	The Farmers Diner has curtains in its windows, a painted silhouette  of a horse and carriage, red trim, and a clock above its shiny silver door.	A small diner with people outside.	Two people posing outside of a diner.
Bags are piled high in a storage building.	Pallets of materials stacked neatly.	A stack of red colored brinks	A storeroom full of palettes stacked high with bags.	The red sacks are stacked high.
Computers and desks are lining a wall.	A row of computers in a classroom.	A row of many computers and blue chairs	A room full of computers side-by-side.	The computer desks are against the wall.
A convenience store is full of goods.	A small food mart.	a store with many items on the cookie isle	The inside of a small convenience store.	The store shelves are well stocked.
A small boy having fun playing in his sandbox with his toys	A child playing with his dog in a sand lot.	The dog is looking in to the boy's pail.	Inside a fence with fanned slates, a boy and a dog contemplate a blue bucket set in a sandbox, while a toy dump truck stands nearby.	A child playing in a sandbox beside his dog.
A lot of colorful cars jam under a highway in a tunner	A traffic jam inside of a tunnel.	The cars are crowded in the tunnel.	Cars and trucks are crowded on to an auto ferry.	A traffic jam inside a tunnel.
A row of apartments with yellow trees and stairs with widows	An empty sidewalk outside of several lined up apartments buildings.	The sidewalk in front of the homes is littered with fallen leaves.	Autumn leaves and a few potted plants decorate the wrought iron railings, scrubbed steps and brick fronts of a mellow block of townhouses.	A row of brick townhouses.
a patio with nice furniture of green and white chairs and table	A sitting area on the patio of a house.	A porch with a table and four chairs.	An outdoor porch with furniture.	The table and chairs are on the balcony.
Two people smiling on a vacation on a boat	Two people sitting on the deck of a ship.	Two people seated on the deck of a ship.	Two people sitting on the deck of a boat.	The man and woman are sitting in deck chairs.
A brown colored bridge with round loops	Several stone archways lined up side-by-side.	An old brick archway that shows signs of erosion.	A stone bridge with archways.	The arches recede in the distance.
Several buses parked next to one another in a bus lot.	Several buses are parked in a row.	Three mix color buses sitting beside each other.	The buses are parked at the station.	Three city buses are parked on the cement.
A sand volleyball court in the middle of a park.	View of a sandy volleyball pit in a grassy field.	A tennis fence on a white surface.	The volleyball court is in the middle of the green lawn.	A volleyball court sits in the middle of the grass and woods.
The inside of a cockpit of an airplane.	Interior of an airplane cockpit.	A cockpit with top and bottom showing.	There are no pilots in the cockpit.	The airplane cockpit has nobody in it.
A conference presentation in progress.	A man in a business suit gives an illustrated lecture to a light crowd of people dressed for business seated in in a room of tables and chairs.	A group of people gathered inside a meeting room.	A man is giving a talk to a room full of people.	A meeting room with a meeting in progress.
An empty airport runway.	On flat terrain, an asphalt or concrete surface is painted with a white dotted line, the number 22, and eight white stripes, and diagonal shapes like parking spaces are outlined in white on either side of the apparent road.	An empty runway on an airfield.	The runway ends just before the water.	An empty airport runway.
A bank vault sitting partially open.	The heavy door to a bank vault stands half open and an inner barred cage is visible within, along with some safety deposit boxes and a cushioned bench seat.	A bank fault with its door opened.	A large bank vault is standing open.	An open vault door.
The men are playing pool on the large pool table.	Men playing pool on a pool table.	Two men playing pool together	Friends enjoy a game of pool.	Two people playing on top of a billiards table.
The astronomical observatory is at the top of the hill.	One of the largest telescopes in the world.	The top of a sight viewing machine to see the sky and stars	The building has a futuristic silver dome.	The exterior of a large auditorium.
The beauty salon is decorated in a pink and white theme.	Salon chairs with mirrors in front of them.	Beauty salon with hair dyers and chairs	The hair salon is empty right now.	The inside of a clean hair salon.
Tall trees and green plants with leaves	Several bamboo trees in the middle of a forest.	A thick overgrown patch of forest.	Tall skinny trees are growing out or a tangle of green.	A forest of bamboo trees and shrubbery.
A stage well lite with blue seating for the people	The inside of a large empty school auditorium.	An empty stage and auditorium.	Empty blue seats face an empty stage.	An auditorium with blue seats on the floor and a podium on the stage.
A office with blue chairs and computers	A desk inside of a physical therapist office.	An empty office area.	Blue office chairs are pulled up to the computer desk.	A large office with a seating area and an examination table at the back.
Two people walking by a ledge of a cliff in a desert.	Two people are standing on the edge of a canyon.	Two men standing by a small ravine in a desert.	People hiking near a desert canyon.	A man and a woman are looking into a crevice.
A blue shed next to a metal fence.	A blue barn is sitting behind a fence.	A blue shed is sitting behind a fence.	A storage shed sitting along a fence.	A storage shed is painted blue and white.
An outdoor dining area with several people and tables.	Many people are sitting at picnic benches.	A large group of people are sitting and eating at outdoor picnic tables.	People having a picnic outdoors.	People are setting at picnic tables.
The men are standing on a platform in the middle of a large open structure.	A sky scraper being built by men at work	Workers at a construction site.	Construction site with blue and red scaffolding along perimeter.	workers working on a building.
The beer is lined up on the store shelf.	A line of products in a store filled with beer	A beer aisle in a grocery store.	Cold display case in store providing a variety of beer selections.	The alcohol beverage aisle in a supermarket.
There is a tile pool in the court yard.	A odd shaped fountain in front of a mansion	A fountain outside of a house.	Non-running outdoor fountain situated outside a white building lined with tropical plants.	A Jacuzzi located in the back yard.
The seats inside of a large auditorium.	All of the seats in the auditorium are empty.	A inner stadium empty waiting for the fans and the game	An auditorium is filled with seats, some set in a balcony, some curving and sloping down to the main floor, and some set in straight rows, at the front of the room.	An empty stadium with many rows of seats.
The outside of a automobile repair shop.	The doors to the car repair shop are closed.	The front of a auto shop with a car waiting for service	A blue building with windows and roll up doors has a sign in front that says Little Pines Auto Repair, set along a yellow band edged with red at the bottom, that also olds a dark blue Auto Care Repair sign with unreadable letters set in a flattened hexagon.	The parking lot for an auto repair shop.
The interior of a house with a large bookshelf inside.	There are many books on the wooden shelves.	A hallway full of books and a door in the back of the room	Colorful books are arranged on wooden shelves that line a hallway leading to a living room and an entry.	A hallway with large bookshelves on the side.
The picture of local store front with a chair in front	The store windows are crowded with signs.	A storefront with many signs on it.	The outside of a gas station.	A windowed brick storefront is cluttered up with sale posters in the windows, a bench, a candy machine, a newspaper machine, and a trash bin.
A line of many fancy cars in a auto store ready for sell	Some of the cars have their hoods up.	A collection of classic cars lined up.	The inside of a large garage full of classic cars.	Shiny foreign cars sit nose to nose in diagonal rows under a peaked metal roof hungs with the flags of many countries.
Cars racing on the strip trying to reach the goal line	The race cars are crowded on the race track.	A line of racing cars on the track.	A racetrack with many race cars driving down it.	Racing cars crowd a track, amid signs advertising Castrol, brother, pizza and Deringer.
An old red building with open cracks on it.	A large wooden barn on a farm.	A red barn sits weathered.	Red barn with white trim showing signs of wear.	The old wooden is painted red.
A bed with two lamps with lights on,sitting on table.	The interior of a newly cleaned hotel room.	A bedroom is decorated in neutral colors.	Double occupancy hotel room with plaid and flower bed coverings.	There is a double bed between two nightstands.
A room with cubicles with videos attached.	The inside of a video store with plenty of videos.	A store is full of videos.	Video rental store with a maze of movies displayed.	The shelves in the video shop are crowded with DVDs.
A group of people standing next to subway tracks.	Passengers waiting for a train at a station.	There is a group of people in the distance standing near the tracks.	People standing at a train station next to an empty track.	A train station with people waiting for the train to pick them up
A row of hospital beds with curtains next to them.	Several vacant hospital beds in a hospital.	The beds are ready and waiting for patients.	A hospital staging area with empty stretchers.	A ER room with many beds for the patients to be seen by doctors
Cows laying down in between metal separators.	A large barn full of cows.	The cows are are laying in the stalls.	A long row of cows resting on the floor.	A place where animals are locked up
A three leveled stack of wooden levels with a latter on the side	The inside of large wooden barn with wooden structures.	A series of raised beds sits in an open room.	A barn containing many wooden planks.	A wooden structure that could be multiple bunk beds without mattresses stands in a simple building with an open truss wooden beam roof, a fire extinguisher and a man in the doorway.
Inside stadium with a lot of lights on the top and a man watching the grass	The inside of a small indoor stadium under renovation.	A man is standing next to a putting green.	A man inside an empty football dome.	A man and a fertilizer cart are visible under a metal archway that extends into an athletic field.
White and black cows, one eating grass, the other two watching him	Several large cows grazing in a grassy field.	The black and white cows are eating grass.	Several cows grazing in the field.	Three cows stand at pasture in a hedge-bound field.
A garden with several creatively designed plants.	A beautiful perfectly cut green pattern of trees and leaves	Topiary work and formally clipped hedges decorate a walled rose garden.	A garden of bushes and trees landscaped into unusual designs.	The garden path is lined with hedges.
A small pond in a garden.	A water setting with stones and leaves in it	Lush vegetation and curved stonework compose a water garden.	A small pond lined with stones and plants.	The fish pond is lined with rocks.
The interior of a kitchen with tile floors.	A bright lite kitchen with a stove and pink chairs and table	A white galley kitchen blends into a dining area accented by a chrome dinette and white and bright pink cushions and cloths.	A kitchen that leads into a dining room with a table in it.	The kitchen dinette is near the window.
A well-lit game room sits empty.	A room to play games and pool in with two tables	The inside of a game room with a pool and foosball table.	There is a pool table in the game room.	Indoor recreation room with pool, foosball, ping-pong and air hockey tables.
Multiple nozzles shower water into a tub.	A shower with a lot of heads of water flowing out	The interior of a shower area made of marble.	The shower has multiple shower heads.	Tiled walk in shower room with several shower heads including overhead rain-head and corner bench.
An aircraft is coming in for a landing.	Air port with a jet taking off and one still on the run way	A large carrier plane preparing to land at an airfield.	There are planes on the ground as one comes in for a landing.	Airforce base two jets stationary and one jet flying overhead.
A small area housing several kinds of birds.	Ducks walking in a fenced in area.	Some birds in an outdoor courtyard.	Two white ducks and a hen running around a little houses with green windows	There are two geese and a chicken in the yard.
The seats of an open air stadium.	An amphitheater with several people in it.	An empty brick coliseum.	A empty stand with a few men standing at the bottom	The mountains are visible in the background of the amphitheater.The
The interior of an attic of a wooden house.	The inside of a wooden cabin.	The attic of a wooden building.	A bottom view of a bridge opening up	The unfinished ceiling with exposed rafters is sloping toward the floor.
People walking down a garden path.	Visitors stroll along a path through a colorful public garden.	People are walking on a path in a garden.	People walking on a path in a large park.	A colorful green scene with yellow and red brushed, and people walking about
A shelf full of chemical bottles and repair manuals.	Binders and containers of fluids share storage space under a garage counter.	The notebooks are lined up on the bottom shelf.	A desk with files and containers underneath it.	A shelf with books and other paper products and equipment
Front image of some store for woman	A small corner shop with items in the window.	A shop window entices customers with ads for beauty products and displays of beauty supplies.	The outside of a small hair salon.	A beauty shop with posters on the windows so customers can see
A mall scene with brown and white colors and no people around	A walkway between a building and a parking lot.	The walkway in front of the shops is empty.	A building with a sidewalk with cars nearby.	A mall offers a sign pointing to a lounge.
A room with books on a shelf and a computer system on the table	A laptop on a desk next to a bookshelf.	Most of the shelves are almost empty.	A room with a computer on table and a wall bookshelf.	A laptop sits open on a round table, near a half full bookshelf.
A place set up to grow plants and keep them watered	A greenhouse between a building and a gravel lot.	The greenhouse is set up near the brick building.	A greenhouse with gravel on the side in front of a building.	A greenhouse covered in plastic film sits between an open stretch of gravel and a midrise modern building.
A power station is in operation.	Top down view of a walk way and several large blue pipes.	A row of utility pipes.	Several large tubes inside of a factory.	There are 4 very large blue pipes under the walkway.
A beach at low tide is empty.	View of a sandy beach with a forest in the distance.	An empty beach with clear water.	The shore of a sandy tropical beach.	Waves are gently lapping at the beach.
People are playing a game in a gym.	A group of people are standing on either side of a volleyball net.	People playing volleyball indoors.	People inside of a gymnasium playing badminton.	People are playing volleyball in the gym.
Watery area with a blue building on stubs and a another building near by	A polluted area in a poor housing area.	Building built over top of a river or lake .	There is dirty water running between the shacks.	A group of building sit in decay.
A pool of water with sands and rocks on the side	A hot spring next to a forest.	A small pond in the middle of a forest .	There is a small blue pond near the trees.	The water in a large puddle is blue.
a white building with curves around each pillow	A large series of archways in a park.	A large building with openings all the way down it .	The white brick archways are on a green lawn.	The grass by an underpass structure is short and neat.
A batter preparing to hit at a baseball game.	The umpire, the catcher and the batter are at home plate.	A baseball game with fans in the stadiums .	A light crowd watches a baseball game, particularly the scene at home plate.	A baseball game full of fans in the stands waiting for the play to start
A fancy dining room cart on a train.	The dining car is set for service.	a restaurant with dinning table lined up .	This dining car features red carpet, white table cloths, and individual seats but no one has come to dine .	A dinner set up with many tables of food ready to be served
A large garden with an entrance way carved into a bush.	The hedge has a door through it.	A garden with a large bush that has been trimmed and cut .	The wall of a garden is covered with greenery, clipped into a restrained design that centers on the entry to a stair.	A ball of green cut out perfect sitting on top of a green wall
There are plants lining the end of the pool.	A swimming pool with lights and potted plants around it.	View of an indoor swimming pool.	A swimming pool in front of a fancy hotel	An interior pool inside of a fitness club.
There is a lovely ruffle lining the underside of the sink.	The shower stall and sink area of a bathroom.	View of a shower stall next to a sink in a tiled bathroom.	A shower and washing area part of a bath room	The bathroom of a nice hotel room.
There is no one swimming in the pool.	A swimming pool that is surrounded with tile.	View of a dimly lit indoor swimming pool.	A empty swimming pool with clear, blue waters and plants	An interior pool inside of a hotel.
The sidewalk runs in between the buildings.	A colorful apartment building with a split in the middle of the two	The path split up as it lead to the different apartments.	A pathway outside of a apartment complex.	A sidewalk in the middle of an apartment complex.
The irrigation ditch is over grown.	a row of trees divided by a stream of water	The water stood still in the swamp.	A marsh with plenty of vegetation.	A small stream next to a field.
There is a dirt yard in front of the wooden shack.	Wooden shacks side by side with a small opening	The hut were drenched with the recent rainfall.	A wooden hut with chimneys on top.	A wooden house next to muddy ground.
An airplane docked at an airport.	A plane about to leave with cars around it	An airport with a plane and several cars in it.	Airport operations being done outside on a sunny day.	An airplane is pulled up to the loading gate.
A seating area on a luxury yacht.	A seating area of a boat red and white with a table in the middle	The seating area of a boat that's floating in the water.	Lounge area of a yacht overlooking beautiful blue waters.	A boat is on the calm sea.
A swimming pool inside of a large stone building.	A temple with upper sections and lower with windows around it	A two story building with a swimming pool on the bottom floor.	An inside atrium swimming pool with peolple.	A pool is lined by stone columns.
The red and black truck is parked next to the wall.	A big rig truck is parked at a rest stop	A big, red and blue truck coming down the road with a sign on top	A large delivery truck parked at a warehouse.	Front view of a parked red and blue semi-truck.
A dirt path runs through the woods.	A path is leading deeper into a forest.	A green path with rocks on the road	A path in the middle of a dense forest.	View of a shaded path in a forest.
The hall way is lined with doors.	The hallway of the hotel is dark.	A shinning looking hallway with many doors on each side	A long hallway on an office building floor.	View of a dimly lit hallway.
A row of military jets lined up on a runway.	A man walking next to an airfield.	A man is walking toward a parked plane.	A man walking toward a airport where planes are parked ready for take off	A man is in the grass next to the runway where the planes are lined up.
A large brick arch structure.	A large archway in the middle of a city.	People are walking by a monument.	The front part of a entrance with designs on the front of it	There are people looking at the ornate arch way.
A business with an empty parking lot.	An empty street outside of a surf shop.	A building in a lot is abandoned.	The entrance of a Zeppelin store front	The parking lot in front of the building is empty.
Two people in an office surrounded by stacks of files.	People working in a crowded office.	Two women working in a office with a stack full of papers on their desk	Two people are sitting at desks piled high with paperwork.	People working in an office.
A large field full of unharvested wheat.	A large open field.	Open field with dry grass and green bushes in the back ground	The grain is golden and waist high.	Wheat growing in a field.
A large dam with water rushing down from it.	A water control dam.	A water shift build to control the flow of water from coming in	The water is pouring through the dam.	A dam stretches across the river.
Small pieces of furniture inside a barn.	Old blue furniture finds a place in one stall of a wooden barn.	Two blue chairs inside of a wooden barn.	There are two blue chairs in a horse stall.	the corner of a barn with a wheel barrel, chair, and hay.
Two military jets taking off from a runway.	Two planes just off a runway, each with its landing gear down.	Two fighter jets taking off from an airfield.	Two jet planes are taking off.	Fighter jets taking off from the ground.
A castle at the base of a hillside.	An old stone castle with towers, each topped with a conical roof.	A castle in the middle of a forested area.	There is a castle at the foot of a wooded hill side.	An enormous castle in the woods.
A old abandon place sitting across a grassy path	A bridge in the woods with orange leaves.	The covered bridge is old and faded.	A bridge in the forest	A bridge in the middle of a forest.
Two young men trying to fix their car together	Two men working on a car.	The men are working on the car.	Two men fixing a car	Two mechanics working on fixing a car.
A factory with a lot of boxes and other materials	A store with many boxes on the shelf.	The storage room is packed with boxes.	A storage area of a business.	A storeroom filled with cabinets of files.
A bedroom lit by two lamps with a bed.	A large bed inside of a clean hotel room.	A full size bed with white pillows and covering and two lamps on each side	The bed is made up whit white linens.	A well made king size bed with two lamps and three pictures.
An operating room with table, lamps and supplies.	Medical instruments inside of a facility.	A operation room with equipment set up to use on the next patient	The exam room is clean and sterile.	A surgery room inside a hospital.
A road with a water filled ditch next to it.	A long road next to a small stream.	A railing in the middle of a green scene with polls near by	The greenery next to the road is overgrown.	A long road located next to a river.
A fountain in the middle of a busy city.	There is a fountain in the middle of some very tall buildings.	Tall while high rises behind a fountain of water	A fountain spraying water in a city.	A large fountain in a city park.
The inside of a colorfully lit casino.	Several people are sitting around a table in a casino.	A well lite place of entertainment with lots of lights	A casino with just a few people in it.	A large open casino floor.
Several trees growing under a long bridge.	The greenery is overgrown at the base of the bridge.	A bright with a lot of curves at the top	A high brick archway that is overgrown with bushes.	A brick bridge with many arches.
Snow gathered on a mountainside.	Snow is covering the hills.	A big, mountain of snow very high	The wind is blowing snow off the crest of the mountain.	A large mountain covered in snow.
Picnic tables attached to the ground outside.	Picnic tables at a park are empty.	A table and seat set in the middle of a park with many trees	There are tables and grills in the park.	Several picnic tables in the middle of a park.
An empty room with a large window on a brick wall.	A room in a building sits empty.	A vacant building with a window and white wall	There is a large window in the wall of the large empty room.	A large empty room inside of a brick building.
A room filled with pictures under a line of lights	The inside of an art exhibit at a gallery.	The art gallery stood empty waiting for patrons to arrive	A room full of art on the walls	The art on the wall is lined up at eye level.
A class room with white and black desk inside and black board	The interior of a classroom with no people in it.	The desks neatly arranged in front of the professor's table.	A classroom full of chairs	There are many desks in a classroom with a chalkboard on the wall.
A private plane sitting with a man on a red motor machine near by	A lawnmower next to a small airplane on a runway.	The jet prepared for take off.	The man is watching the plane getting ready for takeoff	A man is riding a lawnmower near a small airplane.
There are several airplanes on the tarmac.	Airplanes situated on airport tarmac.	Airplanes are parked in an airport.	A view of a runway at an airport.	A runway with planes waiting to be checked for take off
One man sits in a chair in a large control room filled with screens.	Workstations lit up with numerous computer/televison monitors.	Computers at a monitoring station are activated.	The inside of a large computer room in an office.	A airport section with no one around to do business
The person is walking across the street near the red building.	European street corner with two-tone corner building on display.	People are walking down a busy street.	A bar located in the corner of a city street.	A tall odd shaped building colors brown, white and red at the bottom
A road is being constructed.	Several vehicles are parked along the side of a dirt road.	A roadway under construction.	Construction work in a large dirt lot.	There is a large truck in the distance.
Leaves hang over the dining table.	View of a dining room with a tree growing in the corner.	An open air dining courtyard.	The dining room of a house with tile floors.	There is a tree growing up the wall.
The walls look like kids designed them.	View of a lunch room with drawings of bricks, a fire truck, and an outdoor scene on the walls.	A school cafeteria with empty tables.	The inside of a cafeteria in an elementary school.	The walls are covered with drawings of buildings, a tree, and a car.
A body of water is at the foot of the cliff.	Mountains in between a large river.	A view of mountains and streams on a clear day	A pond near some mountains and a waterfall.	A body of water surrounded by mountains.
A wooden barn is in the background behind a wooden fence.	A wooden fence in the middle of a farm.	A farm with a wooden fence a barn in the back scene	A fence that is casting a shadow near a barn.	A wooden house with a wood fence with area.
The lot at the Toyota dealership is crowded with cars.	A huge selection of cars at an auto dealership.	A car lot full of new and used cars ready to be sold	A Toyota car dealership with many cars in it.	Cars at a Toyota car dealership.
Beige upholstered furniture is placed close to the walls of a seating area that also seems to be a passageway in a hotel.	The inside of a lobby in a hotel.	A lobby area with lamps and furniture.	The long room is lined with neutral furniture.	A hallway with lamps, chairs and sofa well lit for the customers
Tall, exotic looking trees line a dirt or clay road.	A dirt road in-between many trees.	A dirt road surrounded by trees.	The dirt road is going through the trees.	A row of tall trees along a road with no cars or people present
A garbage truck stops at an entry point to a transfer station or dump.	A large garbage truck driving towards a construction area.	A trash truck parked in a lot.	The blue dump truck is sitting on the platform.	A big white and blue truck coming down the road
A cute mod looking room with brown sofa and colorful picture on the wall	The interior of a waiting room with several chairs.	A seating area with leather furniture.	Waiting room area.	The chairs are arranged around the waiting room.
Remains of a building with towers on the top	The ruins of an old ancient building.	A large cluster of stone buildings.	Buildings with old architecture.	The ornate brick building is in ruins.
Nice sunset over the waters with a golden back ground	A view of the ocean at sunset.	The sun setting over a body of water.	Gorgeous sunset over the water.	The sun is sitting over the water.
There are two chairs on the deck over the water.	A porch is covered in two chairs and a table.	A back porch with lawn chairs and a stand siting out side .	The outside of a nice hotel room in the tropics.	Raised patio in front of house.
The grill is in a lovely old brick building.	A restaurant is sitting by a hill.	A older brick building that is a restaurant .	A view of a pizzeria from the street.	City business in older building.
The earth mover is digging in the large hole.	A construction site is being worked on.	A muddy construction site with no workers .	A large crane in the middle of a construction site.	Construction equipment digging in mud.
Trees in a forest settings and branches surrounding them	A grassy wooded area.	Several thin trees in the middle of a forest.	The trees are growing close together.	An overgrown forest floor.
Peaceful watery small lake surrounded by many trees	A lake in the middle of a forest.	A large lake in the middle of a large forest.	The small lake is in the middle of the forest.	A lake surrounded by pine trees.
People lining up to vote behind a large black board	A skateboard ramp in a parking lot.	Construction work being done in a parking lot.	The man are setting up the equipment.	Workers setting up an outdoor display.
A watery area surrounded with grass and green leaves	A grassy hill with water at the bottom.	We are looking at a small body of water covered with algae.	A mossy pond next to a grassy hill.	A body of water appears to be covers with some kind of green growth.
People selling their goods in front of a old gray building	Several people during different task near an old building.	A woman is selling produce in an ancient city.	A street vendor selling next to a brick building.	A street vendor offers goods to three potential customers,from the ground at the foot of a stone building.
A  wooden top with a area and stone at the bottom	A wooden building combined with stone.	We are looking at an old wooden door in an old stone wall.	A wooden door in the middle of a stone wall.	A wooden door and six-paned window with one pane missing ornament a beautifully battered wall.
Two old arcade machines in a living room.	The pinball machine and the video game are sitting near the corner.	Two arcade machines placed next to each other.	Electronic games, including one possible named the Golden Ticket, stand near a  half flight of stairs.	An arcade game is sitting next to a pinball machine in a home.
A greenhouse with many cacti in it.	The table is crowed with potted plants.	A large greenhouse full of a variety of plants.	Inside a greenhouse, an array of cacti stand on wooden benches.	View of a table full of potted cacti in a greenhouse.
A building with a lit up skyscraper behind it with a blue night sky.	The skyscraper is lighted in the night.	A large tower with a spinning sphere attachment on it.	In a city, a tower that looks almost like a minaret stands near a large building that almost looks like an inverted basket woven of steel.	View of a city building at night.
A group of set decorations backstage.	Several props at the backstage of a theater.	A curvy booth trimmed with gold bands and rose colored satin stands in the corner of a storage area that also holds a small upholstered chair, two folding chairs, a black metal box inscribed with the words ""mirror ball,"" and a strange rectangular pink object.	The furniture is stacked in the corner.	A pink wall area with a black wall and a pink chair.
A large enclosed plaza area.	The inside of a large enclosed shopping center.	A long narrow arcade three stories tall is visited by a few shoppers who pause under the arches glass roof to gaze into sores set behind arched windows framed in richly finished wood or ivory colored enamel paint.	People are shopping in the multilevel mall.	People walking in subway area with escalator.
A bedroom with a small seating area.	The interior of a simple hotel room.	A bedroom features a green painted Moorish fantasy alcove with seating, and a bed with a white spread and a headboard that echoes the intricate scalloped design of the alcove ceiling.	There is a bench seat in the alcove next to the bed.	A bedroom with a bed and lamp with couch and indent wall.
The mountain and the trees are reflected in the surface of the lake.	aMountain top and many clouds are reflected in a lake.	A lake with the trees and mountains reflection on it.	The waters by a park are crystal clear.	A view of a forest and a mountain from a lake.
The flowered couch is set against the wall.	A carpeted living room is furnished with sofa, chair, tables and a pole lamp.	A living room with lamps turned on.	A living room is decorated with beige, brown, and gray.	A small waiting room with a table and two chairs.
The image of a set of bleachers	No one is sitting in the yellow bleachers.	Behind the bleachers are a tractor and a metal shed.	A set of metal outdoor bleachers.	A large tractor parked behind a bleacher.
The ancient building shown as the sun reflected of its stone	There is a window high in the old brick wall.	Sunlight hitting a large stone tower.	Sunlight shining on a brick building.	A half building near a green path nearby
The bus was completely empty as the students left.	There are now people in the train car.	The interior of an empty train at a station.	An empty passenger train.	A train with white seats and black handles on top
The house sat perfectly on a perfect, sunny day.	There is a small birdbath in the large front yard.	The front of a house in a large field.	A single family home with a large grassy lawn.	A nice, big house with a grey top on a green lawn
The shadow of trees is against a building.	A black and brown building with a white top	There is a small brick church in the shade.	The exterior of a house made of bricks.	Side view of a red brick church with a white steeple.
People are lined up inside of a terminal.	People waiting for a train outside a station	People are lined up at the train station.	A long line of people waiting to board a train.	A long line of people are queuing in a station.
Hotels and trees sit by each other.	A high rise building with a white and rose color	The tall apartment building has plants growing on all the balconies.	The view of large apartment complexes from the street.	Distant view of a white, balconied building.
A muddy puddle in the middle of a grassy park.	A green path of grass and mud in the center	A mud puddle in a small patch of grass .	A puddle is lined with leaves.	There is a mud puddle in the grass.
Two large dome towers next to a corn field.	Two towers on a farm near corn patches and a dry road	A corn field leading down to a farm .	A farm's crops have been partially harvested.	Some of the crops have been harvested.
A alleyway in a urban city neighborhood.	The back view of a business place with items placed near by	A small ally with apartment building on each side .	A small city street sits littered.	The crowded alley way is lined with garbage.
Small waves coming in from the ocean.	An ocean's waves are kicking up.	A wave has broken into foam, and another wave follows it onto the shore.	A welcome view of the ocean and waves	The waves are breaking with white foam.
Large stone buildings in a desert area.	An old structure sits by a hill.	Mission revival buildings and a wall without a visible gate stand in front of a treeless slope and distant snowy mountains.	A three level little building	The snow covered mountain it in the back ground.
A large plot of land in the countryside.	A large field's grass is neat and short.	Green fields with plow lines still visible slope down to a road, and on the other side to it more fields surround a structure and slope up to a stand of trees.	A green path of field and bushes in the back ground	The fields are growing and green.
The wall of the room is curved.	The bathroom looked extremely clean after the mess was taken care of.	A hallway with bright yellow walls and black doors inside	A hallway with tile flooring.	A hallway with some doors.
There are two shacks behind the fence.	The abandoned shack was in the background of the field	A old shack with colorful trees in view	An outdoor fenced area with storage sheds.	An old barn and fence sitting in a field.
The door is set in a polished stone wall.	The floor was polished and cleaned.	A office building well decorated with a brown door and light in ceiling	A museum with an large open floor.	An empty with a light hanging from the ceiling.
A alleyway in a small urban down.	People sitting and walking in a shopping area.	A man walking in a shopping area with others selling their products	There is a sunbeam shining through a skylight in the market.	People in an enclosed city street area.
A cement road next to several trailer homes.	Mobile homes next to each other one is blue others are white.	A line of trailer park homes under a cloudy sky	There are several mobile homes lining the street.	Sunlight shining down on a trailer park.
Several monkeys grazing in an open field.	Balboons walking in a large field with trees.	Monkey running around free in a grassy field under some trees	The monkeys are foraging in the tall grass.	A group of trees in front of an open field.
The interior of a small simple apartment.	There is a note board on the wall next to the white phone.	The corner of an apartment kitchen.	A kitchen is sparsely decorated.	A white wall with a cabinet and fridge with flowers on a table
The outside of a blue house with a nice garden.	The small blue house has a garden out front.	A small house surrounded by blooming landscapes.	A small home is covered in flowers.	A small blue house with purple flowers in front
A city full of skyscraper buildings.	The tall buildings are visible across the water.	Several tall city skyscrapers.	Tall buildings in silver and brown coloring	A distant image of a city
The curtains in a dressing room are drawn up.	A room with talk drapes colored green and mint green	The green curtains have been tied back in the openings.	The inside of a fitting room in a clothing store.	Green curtains lining the walls of a room.
A car is parked by the side of the road.	A black car riding down a stripped street	The car is going down the motor way.	A closed of area of a city road.	A parking area next to a road.
A room in a building is devoid of people.	A factory with a lot of glass from the ceiling	The structure is large and airy and filled with windows.	The inside of a large modern building.	A large multi-level indoor facility.
There is a deep hole in the rocks.	A view of the outside of a cave next to a mountainside.	A look over the log into the forrest.	Green rocks with a opening surrounded by green leaves and florals	From a rustic bridge surrounded by greenery, a view of a watercourse below is visible.
The front of the brick building is lined with windows.	The exterior of a large building made of brick.	Perfect view of dorm builing.	A large apartment building with many windows and a white car parked	A four story, red brick, institutional-looking building has one white car in its front parking lot.
The small lake is at the foot of the snowy mountain.	A large snowy mountain next to a small lake.	Gorgeous river and mountain view.	Beautiful snow covered mountain top	Rocky snow covered mountainsides slope abruptly down to the open water of a mountain tarn.
The outside of a large cathedral.	A old fashioned building with a tower with a big window in the middle	A church with a cross on its steeple.	The church has an ornate facade.	View of a building with stained glass windows from the street.
A building built next to a small river.	A building with many windows and a odd shaped pattern down the front	A large building with gothic architecture.	The building with columned arches is on the water.	View of an ornately pillared building from across a canal.
A large field surrounded by many trees.	A green scene with some grassy patchy under a blue cloudy sky	A field with dying grass and trees beyond.	The grassy field is surrounded by trees.	View of a meadow surrounded by trees and underbrush.
An empty mountainside with bushes and foliage.	The hill side is covered with scrub brush.	A trail marker stands in a clearing on a scrubby hillside.	A small hill covered in plants.	A sign in a field near a hill.
A house and boat located on the water.	The boat is parked in front of the boat house.	A motorboat is docked by a Bavarian style boathouse on a tree-lined lake.	A boathouse next to a river.	A boat house with a boat near trees.
Many faucets are running in a restroom.	Water is pouring into many fountains.	Water faucets run full blast in a Las Vegas-style public bathroom.	The interior of a bathroom in a luxury hotel.	A room with a lot of sinks in it.
An airport's lobby sits empty.	A air port with large lighting and many desk	A empty ticketing area inside an airport.	This is inside an empty airport terminal.	The airplane terminal is empty.
Boulders are sitting by a river.	A great picture of mountains and rocks	A view of a mountain side next to a river.	A large rock formation next to water.	The cliffs over look the water.
A car is parked outside of a diner.	A place to eat in front of a large, brown building	A car parked in the lot of a small diner.	A car parked in front of a run down diner.	The car is parked in front of the diner.
An open steeple or bell tower tops a red roofed white building.	A white house with a red top in the middle of the land	A large white building with a brick roof.	Pretty white church under a blue sky.	The lovely white church sits under the blue sky.
A metal roofed structure has a concrete floor with a jagged red line an some equipment at the back.	A hanger empty with no cars, planes or trucks inside	The inside of an empty airplane hanger.	An almost empty warehouse building.	The large hangar is almost empty.
A barn-red stable and house sit in the green countryside.	A barn with a white top in the middle of a open field	A small patch of grass outside of a barn.	Two red farm buidings in a field.	The large lawn in front of the building is green.
Blue skies and clouds over a land of green hills and trees	Cloudy grey skies over a lake and beach.	A blue cloudy sky with a sandy beach and mountain.M	A large flat patch of dirt.	The sky over the water is cloudy.
Trees and a mountain of hills and bush scenery	A field of plants with small mountains in the background.	Mountains with many trees on it.Flowering	An open field with nearby mountains.	There is a green field in front of the green hill.
Colorful trees in a forest with no one around	A group of trees with crooked branches and colorful leaves.	Small flowering trees near a mountain.	A cluster of trees with fall colors.	There are skinny trees growing in a field.
A truck parked in front of a lawn with some grass growing	There is a small garden growing behind a white picket fence.	something underground in the yard.	The ground outside a home is covered in dirt.	White picket fence lining the outside of a street side garden.
A house surrounded by water and some trees	A small shack is visible on the bank of a river.	tree over the river.	A lake sits at low tide in the daylight.	View of a tree shades home from across a lake.
A row of houses near a lake of water and trees over head	There are many houses at the foot of the wooded slope.	house in the mountains.	A tree has fallen into a lake.	Lakeside homes at the foot of a mountain.
A motel with a full parking lot advertises itself as an Alpine Lodge, near a snow covered mountain.	The cars are parked in the snowy parking lot.	Cars are parked outside a lodge.	A snow covered mountain with cars parked below	The parking lot of a ski lodge in the mountains.
Daylight ranch homes and palm trees line a wide canal.	The back of the houses looks out at the water.	Waters are calm by the land.	A row of houses near a lake with palm trees	A small river next to a village.
Potted plants ornament a stone-paved courtyard in front of a white building.	The large building has a lovely cobble stone court yard.	Potted greenery sits outside a building.	A large apartment with many windows and some green plants	A view of the outside of a apartment complex.
An empty choir box inside of a church.	The seats inside of a small courthouse.	The door at the back of the choir is open.	window with the inside view of a church	A court's jury section sits empty.
Sunlight shining down on a cluster of trees.	Forest trees with yellow and green leaves.	The leaves on the tree are yellow against a blue sky.	Blue sky with green tall trees blowing	Leaves are turning Autumn colors.
A house covered in shade from a tree.	A large tree in the backyard of a house.	There is a white house under a large tree.	A house with a pink top with a big green tree	A large tree stands outside a building.
Cars driving on a city street.	A view of a city from the street.	Cars riding near tall buildings in a business area	A car drives down a city street.	There are skyscrapers in the background of the busy street.
A large mountain range.	A mountain range in the desert.	Unique mountains and rocks over looking a blue clear sky	Steep boulders stand aside each other.	The interesting rock formations are layered and eroded.
A waterfall cascading down rocks.	A small waterfall on the side of a mountain.	Rocky scene with water streaming down from the middle	Waterfalls are contained in boulders.	Water is flowing from a rock cliff.
The large potted plants are next to the hot tub.	Flower pots pet outside on a patio.	Potted plants line a whirlpool.	A hot tub is lined with potted plants.	A backyard with several potted plants.
There are small cabins on the beach.	Small houses with a palm tree between them.	Palm trees and sand surround small buildings.	Wind blown palm trees are between two homes.	An empty road next to a small village.
The car is parked at the bottom of the hill, while the men maneuver a hose over a large white surface.	Men standing on a sheet of ice outdoors.	The ground is being hosed down by a man.	Two people and a vehicle as viewed from across a large cemented area.	Maintenance being performed on an ice rink.
A river passing through a mountain side.	A twisted tree is growing by a Canyon side river.	The river is flowing past the cliff.	Boulders sit by a lakeside.	A red rock formation next to a river.
The interior of a large commuter airport.	View of a tiled station walkway.	The walkway is very long and empty.	A hallway in a building is empty.	A long terminal that is empty.
A view of the ocean at sunset.	The sunset on the horizon of the ocean.	The waves are gently breaking on the shore.	The ocean is at mid-tide under the sunset.	Rolling waves under a sun set.
A forest in the middle of a snowy mountainside.	There are many trees covered with snow.	A forest covered with fresh snowfall.	The mountain loomed in the distance over the snowy forest.	Snow covered sky blue scene with many trees
A river flowing next to many trees.	There is swift flowing water and overgrown trees on the bank.	A river with moving water.	The river flowed peacefully by the riverbank	Sky blue setting with the ocean and bushes in the back ground
A view of a large forest from a hill top.	The trees in the valley are changing colors.	A large open valley with fall colors.	The bushes spread over many miles of the desert.	Green, yellow mountain tops with floral looking bushes
A woman sits on a stone in an archeological ruin	a woman sitting in a concrete coliseum.	A woman sitting in an old stadium.	A woman posing for a photo on some stone stairs	An old outside auditorium.
Two women enjoying some drinks in a bar.	A group of women in a bar.	These women are holding drinks at a bar.	Two petite women standing by a bar	Three people at a bar.
A man posing for a photo on a train	a person jumping on a subway.	A person pulling themselves up on bars while riding mass transit.	An adolescent fooling around on a subway.	A teen jumping in a subway.
A small restaurant.	A skyliner counter with no customers.	A room with a tile floor and a silver counter	An empty airport ticket counter	the inside of an airport.
A circle rock wall.	A stone circle in a field.	A brick structure in a circle stands in a field.	A circle made of stones.	A round fence made of stone out in the middle of a field.
A wooden outhouse placed in the grass.	An outhouse.	An out house near the trees.	the open door of a bathroom.	An outhouse with an open door
a babby crib in a blue room.	White baby crib in a turquoise bedroom.	A white crib is in a blue room.	A baby's nursery with a white crib and two pictures on the wall.	A room with a crib.
A man walking down a stone staircase.	Man going down some stairs	A man walking down stone steps.	a man walking down the steps	A man walks down a stone staircase while holding onto the stone wall.
There is a dolphin statue by the pool.	An indoor pool with a statue of leaping dolphins.	a dolhpin statue and a boy in the water.	Person in a pool with a dolphin statue.	A pool with a dolphin sculpture.
A killer whale show.	An aquatic animal being viewed.	an orca performing a trick.	Killer whale doing tricks	A whale jumping out of a tank in front of a crowd.
Dolphins swimming under water.	some dolphins under water.	A group of dolphins.	There are five dolphins in the water.	These are dolphins playing underwater
A bunch of guns.	Rack of guns in a dimly lit room	There are a lot of guns.	There are several rifles standing up on their ends.	some guns lined up.
A woman standing at the end of a crosswalk with many buildings behind her.	A woman standing in a crosswalk.	A woman walking in the cross walk.	a woman  across the street.	Young woman standing in a street with green and white checks on the road.
A wooden staircase covered in snow	Snow on some steps	A ladder with snow on it.	some snow on a steps.	A staircase with snow on it.
Children play racing games in an arcade.	A group of kids playing games.	A few kids playing arcade games	some kids in an arcade.	Kids are playing racing games.
A bunch of bamboo trees.	bamboo in a forest	Close-up of thick shoots of bamboo appearing in a bamboo forest.	An area with many bamboo trees	Bamboo.
flooded park area.	some benches under water.	Benches are being overtaken by water, a flood is happening.	A flooded park.	Water is flooding in a neighborhood up to the base of two benches.
large rows of pallets in a warehouse	the inside of a warehouse.	A warehouse full of gold bricks, pallets full!	A large warehouse.	A storage room filled to the ceiling.
The star valley cheese factory.	Tower with star valley cheese on it	a smoke stack under a blue sky.	An outside view of the Star Valley Cheese factory.	A tall tower.
Three Asian women sitting down.	A picture of three seated people	A group of women.	The woman holding the bag is sitting in front of the window.	asian woman in a waiting area.
A child sitting on the bottom shelf in the toy section of a store.	a little girl hiding in the toys.	A child is hiding in toys at a store.	A child sitting on the bottom of a toy display in a store.	A child playing in the toy isle of the store.
People running around a track.	some people running on a track.	A running track with people running.	Several young people jogging around a red track.	Kids running on the track
A hotel bathroom.	A bathroom in a hotel with two water glasses and a hair dryer on the wall.	Sink in a hotel	a sink and a hair fryer.	A sink and mirror.
A picture of stonehenge from a few dozen yards away.	A shot of a bunch of large rocks	Some stones in formation and grass.	This is a picture of Stonehenge.	Stones in a grassy field
An office space with multiple rows of computers	An office with a row of computers.	computers in a class room.	An office with rows of desks with computers on them.	Long room with computers at each table.
A deli case.	Market with food for sale	a deli with some people.	Sushi on display at a store.	A meat case in a market.
a man walking down a green alley.	Here is a man walking down a pathway among shrubs.	The woman is walking on a path through shrubbery.	Two people walking on a narrow pathway	People walking on a narrow path created by tall shrubbery.
A child playing in a sandbox.	a child in sandbox.	A child is playing in the sandbox.	Kid playing in the sand	CHild playing with toys in the sandbox.
A woman looking at two pieces of art.	A person is creating a reproduction painting.	A woman painting a picture in an art studio.	An artist working to reproduce a print by hand.	An artist creating a painting
a man in a liquor store.	A man behind the counter at a store.	A store clerk putting an alcoholic beverage in a paper bag.	A person working behind a counter at a liquor store.	A liqueur store.
A view inside of a dead end tunnel	An underground storage bunker.	a tunnel.	The inside of a brick kiln or oven.	A tunnel.
A group of people crossing a rope bridge	People crossing a rope bridge	A bridge going across a valley.	some people on a narrow walking bridge.	People walking over a rope bridge.
A group of bakers.	some people in the navy.	A group of employees talk in the kitchen.	People having a meeting	Pastry workers standing around in uniform.
A dance floor.	An empty ballet room.	the inside of a ballet class.	The large room has a wood floor.	A ballet studio.
a hot tub turned on with no one in it	a hot tub outside.	A hot tub is bubbling.	A Jacuzzi.	The hot tub is ready to go!
A man firing a gun at a target.	A man wearing earphones firing a rifle at targets.	A person taking aim at a firing range.	a man holding a gun at a shooting range.	A couple of men doing target practice.
People stocking large shelves	People standing in a warehouse.	Men rest beside tall shelves of boxes.	A large warehouse with people in it.	a warehouse with two people in orange vests.
The interior of a dentist's office with an empty chair.	A dental office with a white counter	A dentists office with equipment.	A green dentist chair next to white cabinets and countertop.	a dentist chair.
Green vegetation.	A beautiful row of vegetables	A stepped growth of vegetation.	A large grassy field with multiple levels	Rows of plants in a field
There are three airplanes sitting on the runway.	Planes lined up on the tarmac.	A group of planes.	Commercial Jets stopped on concrete platform.	Airplanes on the ground.
a strange pattern	A strange room with alot white shapes	A room with strange padded shelves coming out of the walls.	A speaker and microphone are in a sound room.	The wall appears to have acoustical panels on it.
A couple of large passenger jets.	Airplanes parked at an airport.	Airplanes parked on a runway	Three airplanes parked on the the tarmac of an airport.	A group of planes.
A small area with empty white shelves	A room with very empty shelves.	There is not much on the shelves in this room.	A large group of shelves.	some white shelves in a room.
An older bathroom with a sink, toilet, and bath tub.	The bathroom has a blue wall.	A bathroom with a small bathtub and sink	A bathroom.	a bathroom area.
Track with a banked corner	A banked track with seating in the distance.	A track with a stadium.	A raceway.	a track inside.
A red throne is placed on red carpeting.	A throne setup on a pedestal.	a red throne next to a gold statue.	A single chair setting on some risers in front of a tapestry.	A purple chair sitting on a velvet display.
There is a covered bridge over water.	A bridge with water running underneath it.	Bridge over the water	a small shed.	A covered bridge over a river.
People organizing lots of fruit	A market warehouse with workers boxing mangos	Four workers packaging fruit into cardboard boxes.	A market that sells yellow fruit.	people stocking ye.llow fruits
A group of people walking in a tunnel under water.	People look up at an overhead aquarium.	people in an aquarium	Fish in an aquarium	People in an aquarium tunnel looking at fish swimming overhead.
Conference room table with 5 chairs in office with windows.	A meeting room with a table and six chairs.	A oval desk with black chairs.	A table with chairs around it.	A meeting room with a large table and chairs and a window.
A long hallway at a hotel.	There is a light at the end of a hallway.	A hallway in a hotel.	A hallway receding into darkness with a bright light at the very end.	A long hallway with white walls
There is theater seating facing a small screen.	Room with lots of chairs	A theater.	Black seats inside of an empty entertainment room	a bunch of chairs inside a room
An empty auditorium has no performers or spectators.	a stadium inside for an opera or orhestra.	A large theater is empty.	A large auditorium with many music stands on the stage	An empty theater and stage
A Blimpie's in a shopping center.	a restaurant that is coming soon.	The outside of a Blimpie.	A Blimpie in a super market.	Employees walking in front of a Blimpie in a department store.
a bunch of meat in a market.	Raw meat hangs and sits in an outdoor shop.	Red meat laying on a table at the butcher.	A butcher shop.	Meat hanging up to be sold
A green field with a bridge.	A brick railroad bridge stands in the distance over the top of some trees.	a bridge going through a green field.	empty green meadow with bridge in the background	A bridge-like structure stands near a grassy field.
Man standing at the counter of a shop.	a man at a register.	A guy buying something.	A store with a man standing by a counter	A man standing behind a counter helps another man.
There are people walking around the stock market floor.	A large stock exchange area.	Stock brokers in a room	People walking around the stock exchange floor.	This is the floor of the stock exchange on Wall Street.
A maze with short hedges	some hedges outside.	People in a hedge maze.	Several green bushes with people walking between them.	A manicured hedge.
a pair of escalators.	Here are two escalators inside a building.	This is an escalator connecting two floors of a building.	An escalator with a set of stairs next to it	Escalators and stairs in a beige building.
a man in a food court.	People are ordering food and eating in the food court.	A man is waiting for someone to help him	people in a cafeteria	A food court.
An elegant dining room with a fire place.	A dining room area with a wooden table surrounded by many wooden chairs	A dinging room table that is fully set.	The table is set in the fancy dining room.	a chandelier and dining area.
The exterior of a car repair garage.	A garage with both bays closed.	A tin garage.	a warehouse area with garage doors.	A large business building with two garage doors and a pop machine outside of it.
a flag hanging outside a big building.	A large building with a big American flag.	A building with a giant flag.	a large building with the united states flag hanging from it	Outside of a building with palm trees and an American Flag.
A hallway is made in a modern design.	A futuristic hallway.	A white hallway.	Hallway in futuristic spaceship.	A white and blue colored hallway leading to a room with windows
A pool table.	A pool table under six lights.	A room with a pool table in the center	lights over a pool table.	A pool table.
A pedestrian crossing is marked on a street.	A highway.	The crosswalk at an intersection in a city.	A view of a crosswalk on a street	A cross walk across a street.
A green field is lined with a high fence.	The fence line of a baseball outfield.	The back fence of a ball field on a sunny day.	A small field with green grass	The inner curve of where the lawn meets the wall on a sports field.
the great wall of china.	The Great Wall of China.	A building with a brick walkway.	A section of the great wall of china.	A very large wall built on a mountain.
some people behind the camera.	There are four people on the set of the TV show.	A television show being taped and edited	a tv how being filmed and or recorded	A camera recording some people.
A dam.	Water going down a small tunnel	Spouts of water spray into a small pool.	There are many fountains pouring water into the small pool.	A large open fountain has several streams of water falling into a water trough.
A person is making pizzas.	a chef making pizz.a	A chef eating pizza.	Chef preparing plates of food on a table in a kitchen.	A chef behind a counter serving pizza.
A damn.	a dam spreaying out water.	Water flows out of a huge damn.	The dam is letting some water through.	An open dam with water rushing.
a road by some foliage.	Gravel road through the forest	A small road in the country.	A old gravel road.	A long road with lots of trees on each side of it.
A orchard.	Several large white flowered trees lined neatly in a row.	some white flowering trees.	Trees with white leaves	Trees with white leaves in a grass field.
A man watches children play on a playground.	A group of children playing.	some kids playing in a sand area.	Kids playing in the sand	A man watches children play.
Large metal objects against a wall.	three big machines that are unattended	three silver boilers.	A group of machinery.	Three large metal machines
The front porch of a house.	white porch.	The steps lead up to a porch with a white railing.	A porch and a staircase.	Porch with a white fence
A few stone houses with wooden doors	Stone buildings in a row	A group of mud houses.	some huts made out of clay.	Very old stone buildings lined up.
People working near a cliff.	A sandy trail with people walking it.	People laying soil erosion prevention materials atop a cliff or levee.	some people hiking up a hill	Three people standing along side a steep dirt river bank.
A tree in a field.	Field with dead grass	A few trees growing in a field.	A tree in the middle of a field.	a tree in a savannah
A ship with a gun.	Large harpoon gun facing ocean.	A shot of a boat with a built in weapon	a battle shit in the water.	Gun on a battle ship
Water is flowing through a creek through the trees.	There is a stream flowing over rocks in a forest.	A stream running through a forest.	A stream in the forest.	A stream in the woods.
A computer and a dentist chair.	Dentist office with a gray chair	a dentists chair.	A dentist chair with a painting behind it.	A dental office with a chair, instruments, and overhead lamp.
A large red boat storage building rests on the water with a boat nearby.	A boat house.	An overhang to protect a boat on the water.	a storage place for boats.	A docking area with a red colored house
An office building with a lot of stuff.	A crowded workspace with a wooden and computer chair.	a crowded room.	Messy desk in a room	A crowded room with chairs.
some jets in a warehouse.	Two small airplanes sitting in a large indoor area.	Two jets are parked in a hanger.	Planes inside of a hangar.	A hanger with planes.
This is a tall building with a lot of windows.	The building is tall.	a tall building.	A tall building.	A large building.
Downtown of a large city with many big buildings.	a city with sky scrapers.	A city horizon.	View of a city's buildings	A city skyline.
a bunch of junk.	Lots of trash in a field	Debris of homes after a storm.	A neighborhood that has been destroyed.	Destruction left by a disaster.
A small colorful house.	A small house with a porch.	A two story house with boarded windows	A boarded up beach house with green and pink stairs.	a wooden building.
the inside of a building.	An empty basement with framework.	The inside of a building.	An unfinished set of rooms in a building.	A barren unfinished basement.
There are pools of water in the grass.	There are birds in a swamp.	a wetlands with birds.	Birds flying over the marsh.	A grassy wetland.
There is a road with cars and a street sign.	Cars are driving down the road.	A old road.	Cars going down the road	a road with a few cars on it.
There is an outdoor amphitheater.	A stadium with empty seats	a concrete stadium	A large rock stadium.	An empty stadium with grass in the middle.
An open grassy field with a colored pattern	a pattern in a field of grass.	A figure stands in a grassy field.	Cutting grass in neat rows	a manicured field.
A modern looking room with stairs leading upward.	There is a staircase near the door in the modern design home.	Modern wooden staircase with metal railings in a modern foyer.	There is a stairway going up from a small room.	A two story building with a staircase.
A garden feature with purple flowers.	A garden of purple orange and green.	A garden.	a garden area with purple flowers.	A circular plot of flowers on a lawn with vines growing behind it.
some flowers on sale.	Woman selling flowerss	A green house with flowers.	A woman is selling flowers.	A small business with multiple pots of flowers
A large building.	A big hotel called the Taj Mahal.	A view of a tall skyscraper with red lettering on the side	A tall skyscraper and clear blue skies	a tall hotel.
A staircase next to a building and trees.	Very steep stairs surrounded by trees and stone.	some stairs by a building.	A giant staircase.	A lot of stairs surrounded by trees.
The exterior of a flower shop with a variety of flowers outside.	A flower shop.	a florist shop.	A storefront with many flowers by the window	There is a florist shop that has many flowers out front.
A round brick tower.	A stone building with a window above	An old round building made of brick and stone.	Old castle with stone walls	A large stone building.
A crowded street with many cars parked along either side of the road	a city street with building.	A street with many cars parked at the side	Cars parked on either side of the street.	A road with cars parked on it.
A big window on a brick building.	a brink building with a big window.	A bay window.	Large window with a white frame	A large window over bushes.
Cows in a pasture next to a white farmhouse.	A pasture full of cows and a house.	A house with many cows on its front yard	some cows by a farm house.	Cows grazing in a field in front of a white house.
There is an old white house of sorts.	An old house doubled as a store.	a small white house.	The outside of a general store with a porch on the second story.	A two story general store.
A large banner hangs behind a throne.	This is the throne room.	The inside of a building.	A huge room with columns and a single chair centered between two exterior doors.	a throne with red decor.
A large group of chickens.	Chickens in a field	A chicken coop with many chickens.	Chickens in a field with a shelter.	some chickens near a wooden ramp.
A walkway behind a building heading toward a gate.	a patio of ahouse.	A walkway near a house and tree.	This sidewalk is leading to a gate.	A back yard.
A road beside a large building with cars driving by.	Vehicles drive down a multi lane road next to a large building.	An airport with an overpass walkway.	A street, with cars on it, next to a building	There are a few cars on the road near the bulding.
Cars going down the road	A typical highway or interstate, with a few cars traveling along it and a large green exit sign hanging above the road.	Several cars driving along a multi-lane highway.	The highway with cars on it, and a sign overhead.	a free way exit sign.
People shopping at a shoe store.	People shopping inside a shoe store.	People are shopping at a shoe store with a really high and rounded ceiling.	some people in a shoe store.	A large shoe store.
A room with a small table near the corner	Child's bedroom with multicolored rug and tree decoration on wall.	There is a child's playroom with a colorful carpet.	a kids playroom.	Room with colorful floor
A dam.	Water flowing by a dam.	A hydro dam.	a bridge over the water.	Dam letting water out
a road through a forest.	A trail with trees.	A dirt road bending around trees.	A curving driveway cutting through birch trees	An empty dirt road in the middle of a forest.
an old stone bridge.	A bridge over a river.	Water passing underneath an old bridge.	Statues on a long gray bridge over murky water	Water passing underneath an old bridge with statues.
Greenhouse with a few plants	A green house with plants.	The inside of a greenhouse.	A greenhouse with rows of green plants.	a green house with wood.
Some tourist enjoying the day at a park	some people sitting in chairs outside.	People sitting around tables.	A n outside lunch place.	People sit outside at tables with wooden chairs underneath trees.
There are people outside of a temple like structure.	A building in India.	Lady in front of a building	A tourist standing in front of a middle eastern temple.	This is a temple in India.
A large sitting area.	An atrium with chairs underneath.	a living room with a sky light.	There is a gathering of green chairs in the room.	An atrium with wicker seating and a statue.
There is a big stadium with no roof.	Aerial view of a circular stadium surrounded by tall city buildings.	A stadium sits in the middle of a city.	A overview of a large round building.	a stadium by a city.
A large group of ice on the ocean.	Ice floating in the water.	Ice on the water	ice floating in the ocean.	Ice floes in open water.
A wooden walkway goes towards the beach.	A wooden bridge leading to the ocean.	a pier going towards the ocean.	A wooden fence on the beach next to the water.	An old wooden fence.
Overhead few of a football game.	a football field with players.	A field surrounded by spectators	A foot ball field with a lot of viewers.	There is an indoor football game in an arena.
a warehouse area.	The white room has track lighting.	A large studio.	Room with white walls	An empty room with windows.
an opera house with lights on.	Concert hall with no one in it	A theater.	An empty concert hall.	A large auditorium with empty seats
A building with a smoke stack.	Smoke coming out a smokestack	A smokestack puts out smoke behind a building.	The smoke stack of a plant.	a smoke stack.
A house beside a grass lawn.	The mobile home is tidy and looks very inviting.	A small trailer home with staircases by the doors	A mobile home with steps.	a white house and a green lawn.
Long stretch of highway with cars in the distance.	A highway with cars on it.	A highway is lined on one side by concrete walls.	Traffic is sparse on a highway.	Cars on a highway.
a large tall building with trees in the front of it	A large building with a tower behind bushes and trees.	A large church.	a house with a bell tower.	A building with a brick path leading to the doors
a gym for dancing.	An empty ballet room.	A large room with a wooden floor and big mirror.	A large dance floor.	Room with a wood floor
A horse stall at a race track.	Room with a long hall	A horse barn with stalls and tack.	the inside of a warehouse.	There is a white horse looking out of its stall in the stable.
A small wooden house with a dirt sidewalk	An old rickety house.	An old building next to a muddy area.	A rustic shack.	Barn made from wood
A couple of barrels.	Two barrels, one wooden pallet, and rope under a white table	Two large wooden barrels and bundle of rope beneath floor.	the inside of a white barn.	Some barrels inside.
an art gallery.	Art hanging in an art gallery.	A room with large artwork.	A room with contemporary architecture and art on the walls.	A room with art on the wall.
Looking up at two city skyscrapers.	A view of a tall skyscraper	A skyline with large sky scrapers.	some sky scraper.	Skyscrapers on a cloudy day.
A very large building and a parking lot full of cars.	a hotel and some cars.	A view of a tall skyscraper with a full parking lot	A tall skinny building and a parking lot.	There is a parking lot filled with cars next to a tall building.
A tennis court surrounded by trees.	A tennis court by the woods.	A tennis court.	a red volley ball cout.	Volleyball court in the woods
An empty wet road next to a highway	A highway on a dreary day with a green sign.	a rainy free way.	An access road next to a highway.	An empty road leads into the distance.
some wheat growing under a blue sky.	This is a wheat field with a bright blue sky.	A giant wheat field.	A field.	Wheat field basking in the sun with a mountain range in the distance.
View of the ocean	Waves rolling in at the beach.	The ocean viewed from the beach.	An ocean and beach.	an ocean from the beach.
A dirt road in the desert with two flying objects.	View of a dirt road	Driving down a dirt road.	A dirt road leading to a mountain.	a red road and a montain seen from a car.
Snow covered sidewalk leading to a large building.	A park's trees are covered in snow.	The main entrance into a school.	A snowy exterior shot of a building.	A snowy path to a building with stairs in front
some empty mountains.	A rock formation.	Large rock structures stand next to one another.	The rock formations have pointy tops.	Uniquely shaped rocks
People waiting at an airport	The interior of a building with a sloped roof.	the inside of airport.	A decadent room with people walking around.	A large bowling rink.
A neatly arranged closet with clothes and shoes.	A large walk in men's closet with bench.	the inside of a walk in closet well organized.	A large closest with a seating bench.	A very large and organized closet.
There is a lectern in the large room with the arched ceiling.	A tall room with a person in it.	A large building with pink curtains.	the inside of a church buildilng.	A big hall with a podium in the middle.
Room with white walls	An old room with things for cleaning.	an old looking kitchen.	A room with a trash can, table, and broom in it.	An old display at a museum.
some red houses on a beach.	Several cottages on the beach.	Single level cabins in between rolling hills and a beach.	Several small cabins facing onto a beach.	A group of small buildings.
A meadow full of flowers.	An open field of purple colored flowers	Large field with a blue sky	some gravel leading towards a forest.	A field of lavender with trees in the background.
A large industrial building.	Some oil machinery.	A factory with many metal structures	an oil refinery.	An old abandoned industrial building.
A chandelier hanging in an ornate room.	A room with multi-colored curtains and a large chandelier	a chandelier in a castle.	A large room with a chandelier.	A chandelier hanging in a fancy room.
Building ruins still standing.	A large old stone building.	An old stone building.	An old castle.	An old building made out of stone with blue sky in the background.
The large house has a well manicured lawn.	A two story house.	An exterior shot of an upper class home with a well-maintained and manicured lawn.	A lovely home with a nice yard.	a stone house with trees.
A white and grey building.	An older duplex next to a street.	a stone building under trees.	A brick house next to a street	A rock house.
A kitchen.	Spacious kitchen with off-white cabinetry and various decor.	A kitchen area with beige colored furnishings	A kitchen.	The kitchen cabinets are a cream color.
A building with a flag on top.	an archway over some grass.	Monument in a field	A tower is topped with the American flag.	An arched stone building with an American flag on the top.
A large plant on a balcony.	A balcony with a plant.	A balcony with a white fence and a big plant.	A deck with a plant on it.	A view of a porch with a small tree on it
A peninsula on a sunny day.	the ocean and some cliffs.	Cliffs next to a large body of water.	A view of a shoreline by a large body of water	A low level island alongside a vast body of water.
Several people crossing the street in the city	People crossing the street in a city.	A group of people crossing the street.	a bell tower and a street.	A street with pedestrians crossing
An empty cue at an airport.	The airline counters at the airport were empty.	An abandoned airport service desk.	An airport ticketing station.	Ticket counter for American Airlnes.
the outside of an airport.	Jets are parked at an air park.	An airplane is at the airport.	An airport tarmac is mostly empty and the tail of a jet is visible in the distance.	A hanger with planes.
some plants in the water.	Plants growing in a swamp.	Some flowers in a marshland.	A green plant in a pond.	Some plants in water.
A tree in the middle of the road next to a sign.	a road going into a forest.	An entry to private property.	Road through the forest	A road with a sign next to it.
A snowy rotunda staircase with two evergreen trees.	Unique set of stairs	A circle staircase.	The amphitheater is empty.	a concrete stadium with some trees.
a sun in a cloudy sky.	A sunset.	The sun is setting with clouds in the sky.	Sun setting in the clouds	The sun is setting.
A building on a clear day.	An old church next to grass.	an old stone building with a bell.	A brown colored building surrounded by grass	An old church.
A grocery store.	Two people stand in a store.	Two people standing in a store.	Two people are at the counter to pay for their items.	2 people in a show.
A cafeteria.	The inside of an ice cream shop, displaying several ice cream flavors.	A store with a glass display	A counter at a food court.	A counter at a food shop.
Creek flowing in the forest	A stream running through a forest.	Water and trees.	A stream in the forest.	a forest with some water.
Trees in the winter are covered by snow and ice.	some wintery trees.	A forest has trees with snow.	A wooded area with trees covered in snow	Snow covered trees in the winter.
An old rock building.	A large old building by a grass field.	A stone building surrounded by an open field	some house near the grass.	An old building and green grass.
an old stone building in a forest.	A stone cottage sits in a grassy field.	A cottage by the water.	A stone building with a chimney sits behind some growing vegetation.	An old house.
A diner.	A Ford Taurus parked in front of an old time diner.	a car parked outside	Car parked at a building	A car parked in front of a building.
People gathered around a presentation.	A group of people talking.	People are standing around for a demonstration.	some people in suits.	A group of people getting on a bus.
A truck drives down a dirt road.	a baren landscape.	Some gravel and a path.	A view of a dirt road.	A large dirt hole with a truck driving in the distance.
A forest with many trees	a forest with palm trees.	View of a forest	The forest goes up the mountain.	A junble.
A statue surrounded by fountains of water in front of a building.	a fountain by an office building.	A water park.	Synchronized water fountains and statue in front of a large building.	Water show in front of a building
A picture of the side of an apartment building.	The building with the curved balconies is very symmetrical.	Windows and balconies on the facade of an apartment building.	There is a building with multiple stories and balconies.	A three story apartment building.
A big house with a car parked beside it.	Townhouses on a city street.	A shot of large house or mansion	A stone building with a car parked outside next to a street.	a big house and a street.
An empty room with several doors	An empty conference room with several doors.	A dimly lit lobby.	the inside of a building.	A hotel lobby.
side view of a home with logs outside	An old wood building.	A old house.	an old wooden house.	A wooden and brick house with items in front of the garage
A mountain range.	A cloudy blue sky overlooks the brown hill.	a desert landscape with a big cloud.	Amazing view in the desert	A desolate mountain range.
A dining room with table, chairs, and glass-fronted cupboards.	A fancy dining room with a wooden table.	A dining room table.	Table and some chairs	a dining room with white chairs.
A two-lane highway with a building on the left side cuts through the snow.	A road on a snowy day.	A road with a building on the side and snow on the ground.	The sky is blue over an open road.	Road with snow on the sides
A canyon.	There is a canyon with a blue sky.	A large cliff with grass on it.	There is a cliff in the landscape.	a cliff.
The beach by the water with boats in the distance.	An empty beach.	A beach.	a beach with a blue sky.	An empty white sandy beach with clear blue water.
Shadows encroaching on a desert mountain range under a cloudy sky.	Sun sets on a pristine desert as storm clouds come forth over the horizon.	A multi-colored canyon with some grass	A canyon with cloudy sky.	The sun beating down on a desert.
a fence up over water	a fence by some water.	A dam lines a river.	A large fence.	Water has pooled by the fence.
Trees in a field	A hill with a few trees on top	A hillside with a tree.	a few trees and a forest.	A view of a valley.
Some potted trees are in a building.	some marble flooring.	There is an empty room with a few small plants.	A corridor leading to two elevators at the end.	A hotel lobby.
Building by a road	Trees in front of an old building with arches in the wall.	a collesium from the outside.	An old building behidn an empty parking lot.	A two story building.
A vineyard.	The base of a dark green hill.	a green land with rows of plants.	Plants growing by a mountain	A large field in front of a mountain.
an airplane area.	A runway at an airport.	An empty area of pavement next to a field of grass.	An empty airport runway and field.	An empty path.
a building and concrete.	A tall three story run down building with another in front of it.	Brick building with grass in front	A large three story u-shaped brick building.	A building that looks abandoned.
A building next to the river.	A building next to a large body of water.	Building by a forest	a building near the water.	A large garage and a row of open storage spaces in a building.
The flower garden outside of a home with hanging baskets of flowers.	Many plants outside a house.	A garden.	a garden in front of a house.	A small backyard garden with flowers and shrubs.
A bunch of trees in a field.	some trees under a blue sky.	A group of trees.	An open field with some trees in the center	Several trees are in a grass field.
A waterfall with a man swimming in the pond.	Someone is in the water in front of the waterfall.	Waterfall in a lake	A man swimming by a waterfall	a waterfall going into the water.
Water breaking underneath a complex rock formation and cliffs.	waves crash on a large cave entrance.	A cave above a body of water	A rocky chasm with river.	Waves crashing on rocks in a cave.
A view of a brown colored, dome shaped building	A domed roof building.	an old looking building.	The front of an old building.	There is a domed building made out of bricks.
A football stadium with fans.	A football stadium that is full.	a foot ball field and lights on.	A football field and a stadium filled with fans.	The stands are filled at the stadium.
There is a band playing under an outdoor dome.	People are setting up for a concert.	A theater outside.	People singing in a band	a band playing under a gazebo.
an old looking building.	A round building.	A building next to an empty street	Large off-white stone building with circular shapes and black coned roofs.	A very large building with round rooms with dome shaped roofs.
an ice berg in the ocean.	These are glaciers in the ocean.	An iceberg next to a mountain.	Some ice on the water.	Icebergs floating on the water in front of a mountain.
Marsh with lots of weeds	A mossy pond.	some green plants growing.	A moss-covered swamp.	Plants growing through the marsh.
A man in a white coat is standing by the large machine.	A large machine with guys working on it.	People working on large machinery.	A large machine with men working on it.	a machine of some sort.
A multi-floor building with a basketball court in front	the outside of a red and beige building.	Building with a basketball court	A building behind a basketball court.	An apartment building with a basket ball court.
A large lake with a mountainside behind it	A waterway with a view of a mountain side	A lake.	An image of a lake and the mountain above it.	The water next to a beach.
a curved building.	A large curved building with a road and a tree in the front.	Courtyard and driveway of a large building	A round shaped building.	The modern style building is curved.
a watery area with trees.	The water is in front of the mountain.	A river is at mid-tide.	Creek flowing in a field	A river.
a rocky mountain landscape with blue skyes.	A mountain range stretching into the distance.	A large canyon and a cloudy sky.	A canyon.	View of a large canyon
Multiple large rectangular buildings from a high viewpoint	some tall building.	A view of many tall buildings	Many large older buildings.	A group of very tall buildings int he city.
Two houses on a street with greenery growing off of them.	House covered in ivy	some vines growing outside a building.	homes on the side of a street	A couple of houses with vines.
A pond during the winter with people playing in it.	People walk across a desert sitting at the base of some mountains.	some people standing in shallow water.	several people wading in the ocean	Four people stand near snow and a large mountain.
A mountain with a group of houses.	A village sits in the foothills of a rocky hillside.	a mountain behind some houses.	Many houses in front of a mountain.	A large mountain towering over a town.
a farm land and a blue sky.	A farm house surrounded by wheat.	A field with a house in the background.	A wheat field.	Some buildings near a field.
Mountain with snow on it	snowy mountain tops.	A lodge in front of snow covered mountains.	A mountain range with some houses.	There are snowy mountains behind the buildings.
A large tree in the forest.	Several trees, some without greenery on them.	Trees in a field	Trees in a grass field.	some trees up close.
Neon artwork suspended from the ceiling of an airport terminal.	A hocky rink.	Large empty room with shiny floors	the inside of a warehouse.	Two people are in a large area with televisions.
A building in front of a mountain.	A modern house with windows facing the west.	A old rock pit and a building.	A building is near a beach with a log.	a building with some trees.
Colorful bunk beds are in a room.	Bunk bed in the corner of a room.	Bunk beds and a small table in a bedroom.	A bunk bed with red and orange covers	A black bunkbed with orange sheets in a room with blue walls.
There is a woman sitting at a computer.	Woman by a computer	A woman using a computer.	A woman sitting in a cubicle in front of a computer.	A women acting like she is working
A vet looking at a dog.	A vet examining a dog.	a man inspecting a puppy.	Two people examining a white and tan colored dog	The dog is at the vet with a man and a woman.
The desh chair sits by the desk in the empty cubicle.	A desk char is in a cubicle.	A cubical with a chair.	a blue office chair.	An office chair in a cubicle.
Several chairs are placed into individual stalls.	some chairs in lockers.	Lockers with chairs in them lined up against a wall.	Lockers in a classroom	A group of cuby holes with chairs.
A person crosses a rope bridge with others behind.	A person crossing a small walking bridge.	a person on a bridge.	A person crossing a rope bridge	There are people on the rope bridge.
A toilet with the lid down.	A bathroom with a small closed toilet	a toilet bowl.	A toilet.	A toilet.
A hotel room.	Two beds with yellow bed sheets on them	Two beds with yellow spreads in a nice room.	yellow bed sheets.	There are two beds with yellow linens in a room.
Items for sale in a store.	A pet store isle.	There are pet supplies on the shelf.	An aisle at a store with pet products on display.	Hardware store aisle with assorted objects for sale.
People swimming in the pool.	A few kids swimming in an indoor pool	A pool with kids in it.	a swimming pool with kids in it.	A pool full of people with floats.
a hot tub outside bubbling.	A hot tub built into the deck.	Hot tub on a deck	There is a hot tub with the cover still on the corner of it.	A Jacuzzi.
A woman examining a white and brown colored dog	A cute puppy.	a woman looking at a puppy.	Veterinarian placing a stethoscope on the chest of a white and brown bulldog in a room with a clock on the wall reading 2:58.	A sad white dog being inspected by a veterinarian.
A store with many white dresses	Wedding dresses in a shop.	Lots of wedding dresses	A bunch of dresses hanging on the racks at a bridal shop.	There are many bridal dresses in this shop.
A view of a woman, in a casino, playing with a slot machine	A woman gambling on a machine.	a woman at a slot machine.	A woman playing a slot mcahine.	Woman sitting at a slot machine.
An assembly line with six small vehicles.	The frames of some small cars	Small one person cars with no wheels.	Multi-colored vehicle parts in a warehouse.	an assembly line in a warehouse.
Luxury car interior including steering wheel and dashboard.	The inside of a car.	The inside of a vehicle.	A car interior.	The inside of the front seat of a car with gray and blue interior.
A man sketching a portrait of another man in a hat.	A man drawing a portrait of a man sitting on a chair	An artist trying a portrait.	a man drawing another man.	A man drawing a man in a hat.
A man cutting a tree on a table saw.	There is a man cutting a large trunk of a tree.	a man trimming a log.	A man working with a large log of wood	A man using a machine to cut logs.
A bakery display.	There is food on display behind glass doors.	a bakery with pastries.	A view of desserts behind a glass front	A store with donuts for sale.
People by a race track	A race track with people watching.	A track with various company logos on the wall.	A banked wooden race track with spectators up top.	a track inside.
People at a casino	A group of dealers at various casino games	a casino with green tables	A casino with game tables.	Casino employees stand around their tables.
Stone steps leading to the top of an ancient-looking temple.	A brick stair case.	a ancient ruin or something like that	a building with a man near it.	An old staircase to an old building.
A girl's bedroom.	A small bed with alot of pink	A girl's bedroom is dressed in pink checkers.	The girl's bedroom is very tidy.	A twin bed surrounded by pink drapes, making a cozy place for sleep.
the bathrooms outside	A modern out house.	A bathroom area under a glass covering	a public toilet.	Port o John on the road
A man in a small vent	a person in a small space.	Someone is in the air duct.	This is a man making his way through a venting system.	A man stuck inside an air conditioning shaft.
A pool table under lights.	lamps above a pool table.	A billiard table.	Pool table in a room	A pool table.
A drab hotel room has salmon-colored decor.	A hotel room.	A hotel room with a bed and nightstand with a lamp.	The lamp is on in a hotel room.	Hotel room with a large bed
A kitchen with oven, washer, microwave and cupboards.	A white kitchen.	A kitchen with a dryer.	Kitchen with white walls	a kitchen with a washer.
Bar lit up with lights	some bar stools in a bar.	Bar stools are in front of a lighted bar.	A bar with a rainbow glass outside.	There is a very colorful wall at the bar.
The waiting area of an office.	some chairs in an office	There is a table with a lamp between the two black chairs.	An office room with a couple of chairs.	Two chairs in a room
A kitchen with a dryer in it.	Many appliances are in this white kitchen.	A kitchen or utility room with a microwave, washer, dishwasher, sink and range.	a kitchen with a laundry room.	A space-efficient kitchen with hideaway washing machine.
A man drawing on paper.	An easel with a guy drawing.	a man sketching.	Man drawing a picture	A man drawing a portrait on a sheet
Motel room with large bed	the inside of a hotel room with lamps on.	A hotel bedroom with the lights on.	A hotel room.	A room with a large bed and two chairs.
Interior of a Dodge Ram.	The drivers side of a car with a grey interior.	A car interior.	A view of the interior of a car	the inside of a car.
A man and a woman reading magazines in a waiting room.	a man and a woman under a picture.	Two people reading on a couch.	Two people are sitting in chairs reading magazines.	A couple sitting in a waiting room.
A lady giving an older woman a brown bag.	A young woman hands an older woman a plastic bag filled with something.	A woman hands a bag to another woman.	A woman handing a bag to another woman.	A woman handing a brown plastic bag to another woman
Two police cars parked in front of a building.	A red brick theater with police cars out front.	Two police cars are parked outside a red building.	The exterior of a movie theater with police parked in front.	A building with an arch and two police cars in the front
A scuba diver.	a scuba diver under water.	Diver taking pictures	A diver is looking at marine life.	A scuba diver taking a picture of a coral reef underwater.
A warehouse full of barrels.	Barrels lined up on their side in a warehouse.	A warehouse with many barrels inside	Rows of barrels with a walkway in between.	some barrels in a warehouse.
A laughing woman sitting behind a kiosk	A woman smiling behind a small booth	A woman inside a booth.	A woman in a ticket booth smiling.	A girl inside of a glass room.
A group of cyclers on the road.	A group of bikers are racing.	Seven cyclists ride very close together.	people riding bikes.	A bike race.
a table with a bouqet on it.	Wooden dining room set in a sunny room.	A dining room table.	A dining room table with matching chairs in a home.	A kitchen table under a light in front of a window.
The cars are parked in front of the shopping center.	A building with cars outside.	Cars parked in front of a strip mall.	some cars in a shopping center.	A full parking lot in front of a suburban strip mall.
A road lined with colorful trees in autumn.	The leaves have turned orange and maroon as a road stretches away.	A road between many amber colored trees	Trees with red leaves near a road.	some red trees.
Three large gray balls are in a pool of smaller multicolored balls.	A ball bit with giant grey balls.	3 big silver balls in a ball pit.	A ball-pit with three exercise balls in it.	A ball pit with three big balls and smaller colorful balls.
Hallway in a house	The hallway of a building.	A fancy hallway.	A hallway with open doors and a flower against the wall.	a hall way with chandeliers.
A closet full of clothing.	table in a closet	White chair sitting in a large closet filled with a clothing, bags, and shoes.	A closet with many items of clothing	A closet.
There is bakery underneath a glass counter	The display rack at a bakery.	A bakery display case.	Lots of bread in a case	some pastries behind a glass window.
A narrow balcony on a white building.	A small balcony.	A porch with white bannisters.	a balcony.	A view of a mountainside from a porch
A group of palm trees in a desert.	Some type of pointed plant grows in front of a hill topped by large rocks.	some spikey plants and rocks.	A group of yucca plants in the desert.	A view of small trees in front of a hill
a hallway in a hotel.	A picture of a hallway with several doors	A hallway in a hotel with dark red carpeting.	There is a hallway in the hotel.	The long hallway has a bend at the end.
Gravestones line a cemetery's course.	a bunch of gravestones.	A grave yard.	Cemetery head stones in a grassy field with the sun shining.	A cemetery with many headstones.
An airport luggage ramp.	some suit cases on a carousel.	An airport luggage return area.	A baggage claim area with many bags on the belt	Suitcases on a baggage claim conveyor belt.
A large bridge next to a mountain	an old stone bridge.	A brick structure stands near a hills and foliage.	Old stone bridge through the mountains	A bridge.
some people at a casino.	These people are playing poker.	A group of people playing poker.	People playing cards	A group of people are standing around a blackjack table.
a hot pook in a forest.	A hot spring.	There is a small area of water with steam coming from it.	Hot spring in the snow	A warm spring has broken through the ice.
A very important building in canada	a canadian flag outside of a flag.	A Canadian flag waving in front of a building.	A Canadian building.	A big stone building that says ""Canada"" and has the Canadian flag flying.
A view of a high cliff above some trees	Rock face covered by brush in desert setting.	There is a mountain against a blue sky.	a red cliff.	Mountain in the desert
muddy water under a bridge	A bridge with a stream underneath it.	Muddy water underneath a stone archway bridge.	A bridge over yellow water.	Muddy water runs beneath a bridge.
There is a field of wheat with trees in the background.	Wheat fields in front of trees.	Field with lots of wheat	a field of wheat.	A wheat field.
An old building on a mountain.	A middle eastern fortress with desert plants in the foreground.	A huge stone building set atop a hill.	a sandy looking structure.	A castle on a rock face.
A classroom.	A room with many tables and chairs	Classroom with lots of chairs	a class room with a white board.	A classroom with tables and chairs and a projector.
A tall church.	This is a cathedral with tall arches and pillars.	Many rows of pews in a grand cathedral.	Many rows of pews inside of a church	The inside of a large nice church.
A large pile of trash in front of a building.	a junkyard	Trash piled up at a landfill	A mountain of garbage.	A pile of trash.
A courtyard.	A field with a few hedges in its center	Trimmed bushes in a nice nature scene.	greed trimmed hedges.	There are nicely pruned bushes on the green grass.
A pantry stoked fairly well with various food products	A view of some shelves with a variety of food on it	A pantry.	A half filled pantry.	Food on the shelves of the pantry.
People riding dirt bikes	a dirt bike going on a track.	The dirt biker is muddy.	A motocross race.	Two people on motorcycles at a race.
A dog sitting in a driveway.	A cat watching the bush and tree	A dog on cement near plants.	A dog is lying in the shade on a sidewalk.	Dog laying on the ground
A windmill with people.	This is a windmill.	A large white windmill.	Two people standing by a white colored windmill	Windmill, possible under repair/reconstruction.
Planes on the runways at an airport.	Airplanes on a runway	airplanes on a air strip	Three planes on the tarmac on an overcast day.	A group of planes.
An empty room with many windows.	An empty industrial loft space with large windows.	A big corridor with lots of windows in it.	the inside of a warehouse.	A large building with windows.
A storage unit with a lot files stored	a library type area.	A large shelf full of one product.	Shelves with lots of books	Lockers are all along the wall.
A tall, twisting roller-coaster and blue skies	a rollercoaster.	A roller coaster.	A view of a large roller coaster	A roller coaster.
People on a rope swing	A man swinging across a small pond	A small waterhole that people are jumping into.	a pool with a rope swing above it.	People swinging on vines over water.
a person walking over a small bridige.	A rickety bridge.	A woman crossing a wooden bridge	Person walking above the water on a suspended wooden slat and rope bridge.	A person walking across a ladder bridge.
a kitchen area with some dishes on the counter.	A kitchen with food on the bar.	Kitchen with food on the counter	There is a counter in the kitchen with a sink and a stove.	A kitchen counter with some food.
A baseball field sits almost empty.	The interior of a sports stadium.	A stadium that is mostly empty.	Empty soccer stadium before game.	An empty stadium with an open dome
A small stream next to a sandy area.	Three people standing by water at the beach.	People standing by the water	some people on the beach in the sand.	People rest by a body of water.
Women carrying baskets on their heads as they walk past a field of crops.	A group of women carrying water on their heads.	Some woman caring baskets over their head	some african women with baskets on their head.	Two people with baskets on their heads in a field.
a road under some trees.	The road in the woods.	There is a road with trees on either side.	Winding road through the forest	The road snakes through the trees.
An empty classroom with two tables and several plastic chairs.	A room with two tables surrounded by chairs	A classroom.	a school childs class	An empty classroom.
A plain kitchen has tan cabinets and a white dishwasher.	A kitchen.	a  kitchen area.	A kitchen with wooden drawers and cabinets, as well as a sink, dishwasher and stove.	Part of a kitchen including a sink and dish washer and cabinets.
An airport ticketing station.	a man at a register checking out.	People are talking to employees across the counter.	People waiting to check out	People checking in at an airline ticket counter.
Large circular containers of water with white tubing coming out.	a bunch of large containers filled with water	Some liquid in blue vats.	These are vats producing some type of liquid in a production factory.	Water treatment plant
An old stone building.	A view looking up at a large cathedral.	A large castle.	An old and magnificent building made of stone and brick.	a victorian church from the outside.
There are white clouds against a blue sky.	A cloud.	Clouds in the sky	Clouds covering the moon on a dark night.	This is a dark cloudy sky.
A sunny bay window.	A window alcove with a bench built in.	A room with a large window	A window and ledge.	a window with a big seat under it.
a brown house with two garages.	The garage is brown.	A brown house with two garages	the front of a garadge	A grey barn.
a basement with a counter.	A empty garage or warehouse with a open door in the distance	A big open and empty room except for a few cabinets.	An empty building with a few cupboards.	The unfinished room is empty.
People sit on the deck near the flag.	A group of people seated on the deck of a ship, with an American flag flying.	a boat with an american flag and tourists.	People who are on the deck of a ship with the American Flag waving above them.	A ship deck.
three elevators in a small hallway	An elevator.	A bank of elevators in a hotel.	an elevator inside my hotels.	An elevator lobby at a otel.
A fried, sink, table, and chairs.	Narrow kitchen with tan cabinetry and table with chairs.	A kitchen with tan colored cabinets	A kitchen.	The kitchen area is clean.
Some clothes washing machines.	The basement of the apartment building had a laundry room with washers and dryers.	An industrial laundromat.	A laundry mat.	This is a laundry room with four washers and two dryers.
A truck that is parked and a dog.	Truck parked under a roof	a truck in a barn.	A truck is parked under the roof behind the dog.	A pickup truck parked in a carport.
People are standing by their vehicles during a traffic jam.	Cars stopped in traffic with people walking around.	lets of cars lined up.	cars backed up in traffic jam and people standing around.	Here are lots of taxis lined up in two rows with the drivers standing next to their taxis.
A cubicle in an office with a computer and phone.	a computer in a cubicle.	A desk with a PC.	An office cubicle.	A computer in a corner cubicle in front of a blue wall.
People playing tennis	A tennis court.	some people playing tennis inside.	People are playing tennis inside.	Boy standing near an indoor volleyball net.
A race track.	Seating overlooking dirt ground.	some palm trees and concrete.	Stairs at a venue	An empty stadium with dirt in the middle.
a beach scene with blue water.	A beautiful beach.	A tropical beach with clear water and exotic plants.	A calm beach with clear, blue water.	A beach has white sand and crystal clear water.
A man and a horse are watched by the crowd.	A rodeo.	an arena with a horse and man.	Man showing his horse	A crowd watches a man and his horse.
A junk yard with a person walking in it.	Road with garbage on both sides	A person walking down a road between piles of garbage and junked cars.	a man walking through a junk yard.	There is someone walking between rows at the junkyard.
A room with an old computer set up.	An old computer in a room.	A large wall with medical equipment.	a strange roo.m with a computer	Room with white walls
A construction site.	a roof that isn't built.	The roof of this building is being finished.	An unfinished wooden rooftop	A roof under construction.
A deli.	An ice cream shop front counter.	A store with food behind a glass display	A store that sells food.	a deli with food behind a glass.
Some water near a big red stone.	People gathered on a beach under a massive cave entrance.	A beach in front of a tall cave	A rock formation.	There is a huge rock by a body of water.
Old cracked road by the forest	A barren road with grass growing out of cracks	a road by some foliage.	A road next to a forest.	A road going into the distance next to some trees.
An alley between buildings.	A very ghetto and dirty alley	an alley way in a dirty street.	An alleyway with trash.	A dirt and deserted dirt alley
An old castle.	An old stone tower.	An old castle.	a castle.	Old stone castle
Man waiting for an elevator with large windows.	A man waits for a glass elevator.	A man standing by a glass elevator	Man standing outside elevator.	A man in an elevator looking out.
Underneath an empty bridge	a road going into a tunnel.	This is a long bridge.	A covered bridge.	The highway going through a covered bridge.
A beautiful garden.	Stone stairs create a path through a garden.	a lawn with steps.	A terraced garden with perennials, a trellis, and evergreens.	A garden area with stairs passing trough it
Football field by a mountain	a football field under a mountain.	A football field with a mountain in background.	A football field with mountains in the background.	Football field in front of mountain in the distance under a blue sky with white clouds.
A lake with grasses and tall pine trees around it and snowy mountains in the distance.	A large mountain next to a lake.	Lake by a mountain	a snow mountain top and lake.	The water is in front of the mountains.
Several sofas beside an open door.	a white couch in a living room.	There is a lot of white furniture in this room.	Two white couches.	White couch in a room
Bedroom with posters on the wall	a bed room with a messy floor.	The room with the twin sized bed is messy.	A boys room with a tall bed.	A room with a made bed and a desk.
The water is at low tide at a beach.	The beach is deserted.	A beach.	A lovely beach and mounts.	Water receding at a beach with a green hill in the background.
The cattle are clustering together near the tree.	A group of cattle grazing on a savanna.	some cows by a tree.	Cattle in an open field next to a tree.	A tree with cows under it.
a castle with some trees.	A large brick building.	A large brick building with well manicured lawns.	A brick building behind a large grass lawn.	A building surrounded by an open field
A chandelier, a clock, and a wooden staircase in a foyer.	Room with red walls	A staircase.	there are orange walls in the room with the curved staircase.	a chandelier by a stairway.
A wooden cabin with people walking to it.	People walking towards a log home.	a long log cabin with people walking towards it.	A group of people walking towards a log cabin.	People walking to an old wood building.
An empty barber shop with red chairs	a barbers shop.	The barber shop is empty.	A salon.	A beauty salon with stylist stations and chairs to wait in.
Cars turning onto another street	A highway with cars on it.	some cars driving on the street.	Cars making a right hand turn at a large intersection.	A street intersection with vehicles making a turn.
A large empty basketball court.	A basketball court inside a fence.	A basketball court.	a basketball court.	Basketball court with a green surface
Meeting room with four chairs set up.	Chairs in front of a table in a room.	a class room type area.	4 chairs lined up in front of a table.	These are chairs in a half circle set up in a room at a church.
Bridge over the water	a bridge going over the water.	There is a columned bridge over the water.	A bridge over a river.	Water in front of a tall bridge.
A small stream in a meadow.	Large creek between grassy plains.	A small river filled with green	a creek running through a prarire.	Creek flowing through a field
A trail in the woods.	Forest path surrounded by trees with yellow leaves.	Fall time colors on leaf covered road.	colorful forest.	A road cuts through a forest in the fall.
An isle in a home improvement store.	A store with a shelf full of items	a shopping center with karts.	An aisle in a home improvement store with two shopping carts and a grill	A paint station in a store.
People on a street	some people on a dark street.	A shope on a small village street.	A person walking next to a hub.	Person walking down old European-style street.
A shot of a overpass with cars going under it	A highway with a walkway above it.	Cars on a highway with a pedestrian walkways over it with buildings in the backdrop.	a free way with some building on the side.	Cars drive on the freeway in front of a city.
Green on a golf course	a golf course.	The green of a hole on a golf course.	A large golf course.	There is a treelined backdrop at the golf course.
a truck under a tree by a house.	Truck parked in the grass	A truck is parked further back and between two buildings.	Two large houses with a metal fence.	Two homes in a subdivision with a pick up truck parked in the drive.
Hut with a thatched roof	a thatch house under trees.	A building with a roof made of hay.	A grass hut.	An old building sits beside a fence.
A normal day at the park	People walking along a road next to a building.	A man with a child outside a brick building.	an old man walking outside by trees.	A few people walking to a building from a road
the inside of a building.	Hall with a glass ceiling	A giant hallway with chandeliers.	Things are hanging from the ceiling of this large room.	A large hall with many decorations hanging from the ceiling
An aerial view of a large round storage container next to a factory.	A tall white building near another building.	An old tower.	a silo near a farm.	A large water silo next to brick buildings.
An indoor football field.	People playing soccer inside a winter bubble.	Children playing on an indoor soccer field.	people in an indoor soccer field.	People play soccer on an indoor field.
There is murky water with foliage in the background.	A body of water beside trees.	Lake with murky water	some dirty looking water.	A lake.
A small road between some buildings	a poor city street.	Road with lots of clutter	An alleyway with carts parked in it.	An ally way.
A stream flowing through a meadow with evergreen trees in the background.	Forest with some trees	A forest with a stream.	A grass field near trees.	a forest and a blue sky.
Mediterranean style white building in front of blue sky.	The outside of a villa with a metal stair rail and a round room.	A large two story building.	A beige colored building with a courtyard	the outside of a mansion.
A parade in front of a large building.	People lined up in uniform	A royal carriage processing in front of a palace with guards on duty.	a flag and a ferris wheel.	There is a horse drawn carriage transporting people in front of the guards.
A bar and several stools, with bottles of liquor behind it.	A large bar with alcohol.	Bar with lots of liquor	a bar with lots of liquor.	A bar filled with alcohol.
Room with a wood bed	A bedroom with a striped daybed, window, and green sheer curtains.	A bed next to a table, window, and sofa.	A sunny bedroom.	a room with a curtain.
An old building that is falling down.	A man walks down a street by a collapsing brick building.	a poor alley and a black man.	A person walking down a deserted path with a ruined brick building on one side.	A man walking on a narrow dirt road
An art gallery with many portraits on the wall	an art gallery.	There is a lot of artwork on the wall.	An art museum.	Two rooms in an art gallery with painting hanging on the wall.
steam coming from a mountain.	A hot spring.	A hot spring emitting steam.	Steam from a hot spring.	A natural steam vent lets off steam.
A view from the bottom of a tall crane	The bottom of a large metal structure.	an oil well.	A tower.	A big tower in front of trees.
A yard with a small volleyball net	A badminton net in a backyard.	a net on a lawn.	A badminton net set up in a backyard.	A volley ball net.
Parking lot with strips painted on it outside of an outdoor mall.	A cross walk in front of a strip mall.	a parking lot of a shopping center.	picture of empty shopping center.	This is a strip mall in Anytown, U.S.A.
a small boutique.	A store with most products against one wall.	Room with a wooden floor	A sunny shop.	A room with wooden floors.
Assortment of foods behind glass at a bakery.	A counter with sandwiches, muffins, and other things to eat in a cafeteria.	A bakery display.	A bakery with many items of food on display	a bakery with see through glass.
A parking lot with a few cars	some cars parked.	Cars at some structure.	Cars at a pay toll.	A car port.
A TV is on in am empty restaurant.	The inside of a restaurant with red decor.	A salad bar.	Television next to salad bar in restaurant.	A small dining area with a buffet
Some squares of hay indoors.	Stacks of hay piled up in the attic of a barn	A barn storage space with hay bales.	A barn attic with hay.	Hay bales stacked neatly in a loft.
Several small trees in this shot	This is an apple grove with apples that have fallen to the ground.	Rows of trees at an apple orchard.	some fruit trees.	An orchard.
A dining room.	a small unattended restaurant with tables and chairs	the inside of a restaurant.	Lots of tables and chairs	An empty restaurant set up for service.
On orchestra set up on a stage	concert hall.	Empty orchestra pit sitting in front of stage in a red accented theater.	An auditorium with an orchestra pit	A stage with music stands.
A locker room.	the inside of a locker room.	An empty locker room with white lockers and a bench.	The room with the white lockers is empty.	The inside of an empty locker room with a bench in it.
A large building with many floors	A tower.	a building with big windows.	Unusually shaped 5 story building with Uniroyal signs placed all over.	Outside of a multi-story Uniroyal building.
people riding horses	some people on horses by a lake.	People are riding horses in the countryside.	A house train and a pond.	Three people are riding horses by the water.
An open white gate leading to a body of water	White metal gate opening to the sea and a clear blue sky.	There is a large gate with a body of water in the background.	a white arch way.	Gateway to blue waters
Plants growing in a field	A beautiful green vineyard with buildings in the back	A vineyard with a small town in the distant background.	A vineyard.	rows of food growing.
a green pasture land.	A golf course.	Rolling hills sit under the sun.	The rolling hills are green.	Rolling hills on a golf course
A path is cut through a field of fruit-bearing trees.	A orchard.	some foliage and trees.	A grassy lane between two rows of trees.	Grass and trees and clouds.
People walk through the rocky area.	People walking through some canyons	Several people are walking in the desert.	A canyon.	some people hiking by rocks.
a big office building.	The box-like building has trees along the sidewalk.	A building.	Building by a road	A large building behind the street.
a white living room.	A sitting area in front of a fireplace.	A quaint white living room.	A tea room.	The sitting room is decorated in a feminine decor.
A trailer parked in a parking lot.	A large truck next to a docking station.	containers in a concrete area.	A loading dock with a green trailer	This is a dingy loading dock.
the inside of a restaurant.	A dining room.	A bunch of chairs pushed to one side of the room.	An dimly lit room with wooden flooring and wooden chairs.	An attraction hall with painted walls and lots of chairs stacked to one side.
A group of trees in a forest.	Forest with lots of trees	a forest with leaves on the ground.	A picture of a forest.	The sun shines through the leaves of scattered trees int he woods.
A small pond.	A small pond surrounded by rocks and trees	Pond with lots of rocks	a pond with lots of foliage.	A small pond surrounded by rocks and foliage.
a long country road stretching out to the mountains in the distance.	a road under a blue sky.	The road stretches into the distance between two fields.	A old road in the desert on a sunny day.	A long flat stretch of graveled road with mountains in full view.
A shot of a pond with trees	A group of trees.	A beautiful verdant scene of trees reflected in water.	some trees growing by a lake.	A body of water in front of trees.
Some people near hills and water.	People near the water next to mountains.	some people looking at a rock formatino.	A wide river running between mountains	A group of people in front of a river.
Cranes along a seaside dock with boats in the background.	A waterway with ships and cranes on it	a shipyard with cranes.	A large boat dock.	A large ship docked at a shipyard.
A motel.	Hotel with an empty parking lot	The motel parking lot is empty.	A motel with a view of their parking lot.	the parking lot of a motel.
An old building next to a garden.	A building next to a vineyard.	An outdoor vineyard near an old building.	A house near crops.	A garden behind a small multi-colored house
There is an old building made of brick and sticks on a sandy ground.	Barn with a thatched roof	An old building with a grass roof.	An old house sitting in a desert with a wooden door and thatch roof	An ugly house in the middle of the desert
a white building with a garage.	A building with a tower on top of it.	A southwestern style building with garage doors and a tower on top.	A two-story white building with a red tile roof and a tall tower.	A white building.
A corner of a store with assorted artistic items	a bed room with books and things.	A small shop with book shelves full of merchandise.	Room with lots of books	A store that has books.
A large building in front of the blue sky.	This a tower on a historical building.	A building.	A close up view of a round building with a tower.	an old looking building.
A wooden structure with a tall wooden fence	A wooden fence in front of another wooden structure.	a wooden fence.	A wooden fence.	A wall with a canon in front of it.
some tall buildings.	A modern apartment building or hotel rises above a plaza with some trees.	A large building with many floors	A large building.	A very tall white building with small trees in front.
There is an old and beautiful building.	An old stone building.	A large church.	Side-view of ancient building.	An old building.
A field of wild flowers.	Flowers on a small patch of land.	A field with many flowers and a tree	A field of wild flowers.	Flowers growing in a field.
A display.	The interior of a cigar shop.	A man behind a store counter	A man standing behind a glass counter	A man stands behind the counter of a cigar shop.
View from above the coulds	This is an aerial view on a cloudy view.	A view of clouds from high above.	clouds over a road.	A horizon.
the check out aisle of a store.	The check out area at a store.	Grocery store with no one in it	There is a checkout counter at a store.	A grocery store.
a flowering tree.	Trees with flowers are growing in a row.	An orchard.	A row of fruit trees in bloom.	A row of spring saplings with white flower buds in the park
Lake in the mountains	A river next to a canyon.	Rocky hillsides and water.	A body of water in the middle of a canyon.	some water and cliffs.
Tree in a building	A shopping plaza decorated with palm trees.	A mall with escalators, a kiosk, and fake palm trees.	escalator in a mall	A two story mall.
A big building with banners.	The interior of an ice rink.	A subway.	Ice rink in a building	a ice skating rink.
A yard, between buildings, full of people	a fountain in a square.	A town square with people and a statue.	People milling about a plaza near buildings.	A large building with a lot of people outside.
the outside of a abandon building	A brick building.	A building with a shopping cart in the front	a shopping cart outside a building.	Building with brick walls
An shoreline at the beach with the surf coming in.	a shimmering ocean.	Waves on a beach.	The tide is coming in at the beach.	A beach next to an ocean.
a lake and some trees.	A large meadow with a small pond.	A beautiful pastoral scene of a small pond.	A body of water in front of trees.	A field with a small body of water in it
A road driving toward a mountain.	some snowy mountains past the high way.	A road going through some mountains.	Road through the mountains	An empty road.
a big office building.	A big white office building with an oriental sign in front.	The outside of a very large white four story business building.	A building.	Building with white walls
A building with water going under it.	A building structure with iron gate along a body of water.	a building by the water.	A old boat house.	A tunnel in a lake.
A boat driving in the water.	A speedboat traveling up harbor behind a breakwater.	A skyline over the ocean with a boat.	A boat rides through the ocean near the land.	a river with a boat on it.
A house with a driveway.	An empty concrete driveway in front of a home.	An empty driveway in front of a house.	An empty driveway of a yellow house	a pavement outside of a house.
A lit room with white furninshings	This is the living space in a beautiful home.	A room with three picture frames on the wall	A living room of a house that combines rustic and modern styles.	A room with a slanted roof and a coffee table.
Lake at the bottom of a mountain	a lake by a green cliff.	A river beneath sloping hills.	A large mountain next to a river.	A river runs in front of the mountain.
A lovely dining room with a table.	A large dining room with a table.	There is a large plant in the corner near the table.	A beautiful table setting in a luxurious home.	a dining room with a tree.
A view of the tops of many trees	some colorful trees in a forest.	Trees are green and orange.	Leaves changing on trees	A forest.
some rocks creating a valley.	This is a cliff covered in moss.	A giant rock formation.	Some cliffs covered in green.	Gorge with steep cliffs that have moss growing on them.
Bulldozers building wall on embankment.	A construction site.	Construction equipment prepares an embankment for construction.	A fort is situated by a dirt wall.	Construction machinery on a hill.
A rustic room with a fireplace.	A cabin bedroom.	The bed with the quilt is in a cozy room.	A room with a fireplace.	Country home bedroom fireplace.
A crane next to the river.	A city next to a river.	Machinery is near a lake.	Some boats and water.	A large ship in port.
The ocean with a boat.	Boat on the water	The beach is next to the water.	A boat can be seen in the distance on the water.	a single boat on an open ocean.
Snow on a mountain	This is a snowy mountain peak.	A snow covered mountain top.	snow on a mountain.	A mountain.
A few oddly shaped trees.	A group of trees with green and yellow leaves.	some big trees.	A view of many tall trees	The trees have green and yellow leaves.
a small roadway with a palm tree.	A one way street.	A grassy area with flowers and palm trees	Circular roadway intersection with blue arrow signs and palm trees.	A one way street next to a flower garden and palm trees.
There are trees on the dingy looking hill.	The desert.	An arid landscape with shrubby plants.	A hill with shrubs on it.	a desert landscape with bushes.
A mountain range with trees and green pasture in the foreground.	Valley with lots of trees	A mountain next to a valley.	The trees in the valley are green.	mountains and a fertile valley.
A large brick building with a train in the foreground and a crane behind it.	A large round train station.	The sight of big building with and passing train	an oval building with a crane over it.	A large building next to a parking lot with a train going by.
a lake with some red rocks and a tree.	A tree next to a pond.	A tree next to a pool of water and a mountain.	A small stream located in a canyon slope.	The side of a cliff.
A small boat is sitting by a mountain.	There are people on the beach by the cliff.	A canyon with a boat in the water.	A boat in the ocean below a mountain.	People and a small boat on a beach in front of a large cliff.
some snow covered mountains.	This a snowy mountain peak.	This is a snow-covered mountain.	A view of a snowy mountainside	A glacier between snow covered mountains.
A train station near some tracks.	An old building beside train tracks.	A building.	the outside of a pagoda.	A stone and timber railroad depot with a blue roof.
Mountains and trees bordering a lake.	Water and trees.	A lake reflects the trees and cliffs on the shore.	Trees are reflected in a lake.	A. peaceful lake in front of trees and cliffs
A butcher in front of the meat.	A woman butcher proudly standing next to beef carcasses.	A woman in a meat locker	A woman standing next to carcasses of meat	A woman smiles in front of huge pieces of hanging raw meat.
A young girl trying on a dress.	A young girl poses in a blue dress.	a woman in a dress.	Woman in a blue dress	A woman trying on a bridesmaid dress in a bridal shop.
A smiling man sitting at a slot machine in a casino.	Man at a slot machine	A man sitting at a slot machine in a casino.	a man at a slot machine.	A man smiles while gambling at a slot machine
Two large black bells hang from a fixture.	Two giant black bells hanging.	Two large bells in a tower.	Two bells hanging in a room.	2 large bells hanging from a structure.
Babies playing in a colorful ball pit.	Kids in a ball house	Children playing in a ball pit.	some kids in a ball pit.	Children play in a ball pit.
Desks set up in a classroom.	Room with lots of desks	chairs in a class room.	An empty classroom full of chairs with a white board on the wall.	A group of chairs.
An office with computers and desks.	A room with many desks and computers	A computer lab with many desks and computers and a blackboard.	Room with lots of computers	A classroom full of computers.
There are two boys playing in a ball pit.	Children playing in a ball pit.	A ball pit with kids in it.	Children playing in ball pit.	Kids in balls.
A woman giving a speech.	A business woman standing at a podium speaking to a class.	A woman at a podium who is talking and gesturing.	A woman standing behind a podium giving a speech	Businesswoman speaking at podium.
People are painting in an art class.	some people in a painting class.	An art room with students painting.	People painting on easels in an art studio.	A classroom of adults painting pictures.
A woman stands behind the counter at a bakery.	a woman in a bakery.	A woman standing behind a counter selling bread.	Woman selling some bread	A bakery, and a baker.
An empty office cubicle with a single wheeled chair	An empty cubicle with just a chair.	Office with an empty desk	A black chair next to an empty white desk.	An empty desk in the corner.
A podium with two men celebrating	These men are trophy winners.	two man are celebrating a victory	Drivers accepting trophies after a race.	Two men celebrating finishing first.
People making some food	A group of workers look at the camera in a kitchen.	some mexicans in a bakery.	A bakery.	Men working in the kitchen.
A large building with some gravel and a tractor.	Loader at work	The scooper is moving dirt.	A front end loader picking up loads of gravel in a building.	a yellow tractor in a barn.
Two women pose for a picture on the deck of a boat.	A couple of women on the boat deck.	Two women posing for a photo on a boat	two girls on a boat.	Two women are on a ship.
The backseat of a car.	The rear seat of a car.	A car seat in the back.	Leather seat in a car	the back seat of a car.
A family reunion.	A group of people sit at a dining table.	People sitting around a table for dinner.	The people at the table are posing for the picture.	some smiling people in business clothes.
Three people display their prizes.	Winners of a race	Three men stand on a platform celebrating.	A winner's stand with three people on it.	three people holding medals.
A bull in a ring.	A bull looking at a matador in front of a crowd.	An arena with a big bull in it	a bull in a pen with a man.	People watching a bull.
A jeep going around a roundabout.	Blue jeep on the road	a jeep driving around a circle.	a jeep driving down a road	A road where you can turn around.
A mechanic shop.	Auto shop with the door open	A mechanic's shop.	Hillsdale Tramnsmission with an open garage door.	a auto repair place.
some people pointing at drawings.	A couple of people looking at artwork.	People look at art on display.	The man is pointing at the drawing of the horse.	People looking at paintings
A wall with a lot of photos.	some photos of people.	A bunch of black and white photos are hung on the wall.	An art exhibit with many portraits on a white wall	Rows of black-and-white photographs on a curved white wall.
Sexy lady with shades on	A woman in the super market.	A woman poses in a store.	A girl wearing sunglasses checks out at the grocery store.	a woman with sunglasses in a store.
A 7 eleven.	A 7-11 convenience store on a city corner.	The front door of a 7-11 with bikes in front.	Bikes in the front of a store.	a 7-11 on a corner
A diner.	The outside of a diner.	a diner from the outside.	Building with a tile roof	The Westgate Diner with an empty parking lot.
Pillows in a window nook.	A seat next to a bay winow.	Pillows by a window	a sitting area under a window.	A window alcove with cushions and pillows.
There is a section of flooring in the attic.	Attic in a house	An attic with insulation on the floor.	A brick building attic.	an attic with mats.
A laundromat with many washing and drying machines	Dryers in a laundry mat.	Machines at a laundry mat	These are washing machines in a Laundromat.	There are many washers and driers at this laundromat.
A group of people posing for a photo	some people smilingly.	There are six people posing for this picture.	A group of people posing for a picture who appear to be having a fun time.	A group of people posing for the camera.
People are sitting down waiting.	A couple of kids in an airport.	some people in an airport.	People in a waiting room	A woman rests her head on another woman's shoulder in a waiting area.
A woman bowling.	a bowling alley.	People at a bowling alley with one woman bowling.	A woman rolling a bowling ball down a bowling alley	People sitting at a table while a lady is bowling.
The football stadium for the Arizona Cardinals.	A football stadium.	A stadium with a few people on the field	red seats inside a stadium.	Inside of the Arizona Cardinals football stadium.
People are sitting and eating at a food court.	Diners eating at a Carl's Jr.	A restaurant is filled with people.	A food court with a Carl's Jr.	the inside of a carls jr
a skylight in a mall.	A large mall with a dome roof.	Large mall with a glass roof	Looking from the upper level of a mall.	Many people are at the mall.
An airplane on the tarmac.	A plane.	A jet on the runway with another vehicle nearby.	An airplane on the ground.	A runway with with a parked plane and vehicle
A manmade river flows to the right in this picture.	There is a waterway running through the deserted area.	River flowing through arid landscape with small green shrubs.	There is a river with dirt and grass on both sides.	A stream flowing through a field.
a cave near the water.	A cave.	Person walking through a canyon	A man walks in the shadows in front of the water.	There is a pool of water in the rocky canyon.
A kitchen with white cabinets.	A kitchen with white colored furnishings	A white kitchen.	The clean kitchen has white cabinetry.	a kitchen area.
Kids looking at Legos.	a lego sign and lots of people.	Many people crowd in a room near a Lego sign.	A booth at an indoor flea market where Lego's are 10% off.	A lego convention.
A tropical beach has white sand, clear water, and a palm tree on the left side.	a beach scene.	There is a beach with a tropical tree.	A beach next to a clear ocean	Beautiful beach with palm tree and cloudy blue sky.
A man on the beach next to the water.	A man standing by a shore with a small boat	A beach next to an ocean.	a man and a boat and the ocean.	A man standing on a beach.
People sitting at a table	Three men posing for a photo	A group of men giving a toast.	three men drinking wine at a table.	Three men toasting at a celebration.
No students are in a typical kindergarten classroom.	an empty class room.	A classroom for young children.	Child's classroom in a school	A school room.
A truck drives though a large puddle.	A truck driving through water.	A car driving through a flood.	a truck driving through water.	A large pickup truck fording a flooded intersection.
a man with a dog.	A hawk sitting in the grass with a man and a hunting dog in the background.	Man and his dog in a field	A man and his dog walking through a field where a falcon has landed.	A man and his dog walk behind a bird.
Mannequins wearing an assortment of clothing in a white store	The inside of a store with manaquins posing.	A store with mannequin.	A shopping area with numerous manikins	some mannequins in a store.
A skyscraper next to other buildings.	A large sky scraper.	a tall sky scraper.	Several tall skyscrapers against a blue sky.	The skyscraper reaches high into the sky.
People performing in a circus	An audience watches a group of circus performers.	some gymnasts playing with a pole.	A group of acrobats.	People performing at a circus.
A group of people riding up an escalator	Tourist riding up an escalator	People on an escalator	Several people coming up the escalator and waving.	An escalator with people on it.
Some nets and balls inside a long narrow building.	Hallway with a net	A net in a hallway.	An indoor batting cage.	a net inside of a warehouse.
a small retail shop.	An aisle with very full shelves at a shop.	Filled shelves in a department store.	A grocery store isle.	Store shelves fully stocked
Snow covered evergreen trees.	A snowy day in the forest.	The trees are very snowy.	Snow covered trees.	Evergreen forest in winter during snowfall.
An empty carousel with white horses	This is horses on a carousel.	This is a carousel.	A carousel.	it is a carousel.
a man cleaning a sand trap.	A woman in a golf course sand trap.	Man raking a sand trap	A man raking a golf bunker.	The woman in the pink shirt is in the sand trap.
Childs room with a play house	A play room.	a childs play area.	A child's play room.	A child's play room.
A blue colored court with a goal on the side	A game court yard.	An outdoor sport playing surface.	An empty court.	Outdoor hockey rink
Firetrucks parked on the road	A firehouse.	a house and big trees.	A firehouse with two fire trucks parked in front.	Two fire engines and a red truck parked in the driveway of a brown building.
a large white room	An ornate room with a concrete flor.	A church lobby.	a marble floor in a mansion.	A large, open hall with the entrance doors open
A store with a shelf full of items	A grocery store isle.	the inside of a retail store.	An aisle full of products	This is an aisle in a store with products on the shelves.
A room full of people playing cards.	Many people sit at different tables playing card games.	A group of people playing poker.	A room full of seated people	There are a lot of people playing games at the tables.
A lovely beach with a wave rolling in.	a sandy beach and the water.	A beach.	There is a sandy beach and the ocean.	This a a sunny beach with the waves crashing on the shore.
A classroom for young children.	A very organized classroom for young children with a rocking chair in it.	A classroom.	A classroom for children with a play rug and educational posters.	a kids play room.
Water flowing through a ditch	A concrete gutter.	a wash leading through a city.	Dirty waters in a drainage ditch.	Water running in a ditch near a grass field.
the inside of a cafe or a bar	A bar.	A cafe with some chairs and a wooden counter	the inside of a bar area.	Cafe with a wood bar
This is a nicely decorated reception hall.	A nice restaurant.	a dining area with red chairs.	A dining room with tables set for service.	There are many red chairs in the room where all the tables are set.
some students in a room.	People using computers against a wall.	A group of people working on computers.	People working at computer terminals in a classroom.	A group of people sitting at desks on computers
A house with a porch.	There is a railing around the porch of the house.	House with really green grass	A view of a small white and blue house	a house shown from outside.
A wooden building.	There is a puddle in front of the log building.	Wooden building with its doors open	A small wooden house with wooden doors	a wooden house.
A courtyard with pretty shrubs and flowers next to a big brick building.	A garden area in a courtyard	A garden.	A well manicured courtyard with flowers and shrubs.	a garden with a spiral trimmed tree.
A garage with a bicycle, ladder and a bunch of things on shelves.	A garage with many items including a bicycle	A garage full of things.	An aluminum ladder leaned over in a garage.	a garage with a ladder in it.
The control deck of a modern ship.	A big wheel inside of a room.	A room with the steering wheel of a boat	A wheel inside a room.	some screens in a ship.
A plane is filled with passengers.	The aisle of the inside of a bus.	People sitting on a bus in padded seats.	Passengers are getting ready to takeoff	A picture taken from the aisle in the back of a passenger bus.
A wheat field.	There is a wheat field with trees in the background.	a field of wheat.	A grassy field surrounded by trees	A wheat field with trees off in the distance.
A wooden door on a stone building.	A building made of rocks.	A building made of stone with a wooden door	a wooden door on a stone house.	An old stone building with a wooden door.
Old stone building	a stone building with arches.	Archways in a courtyard with vines growing up the building.	A brick two story building.	Two stories of Mediterranean-style arches in beige brick.
A majestic view of a natural setting from a porch with white patio furniture.	View from a deck	The view from the porch is lovely with mountains and water in the background.	a patio by a lake.	A view of the lake from the porch.
a stone watch tower.	A control tower.	An old tower on a stone wall.	An old stone watchtower.	An area at the top of a stone building.
a battle ship on an ocean.	A deck leading to the water.	A boardwalk is made of wooden planks.	pier over the water	A boat dock.
A nice soccer field that is currently empty	a green field	An open field of grass surrounded by a running track	A grass field inside of a track.	A giant gaming field.
A person sits on the edge of a ravine in a field.	A giant crevasse.	Person crouching next to a large fissure in the ground in the middle of a brown field.	A crevice in the ground in the middle of a field.	a person sitting on the edge of a ditch in the middle of a field.
A dimly lit factory containing several pallets of goods	A large warehouse with pallets of product lined up.	The warehouse has a lot of boxes.	The interior of a warehouse full of items.	A warehouse with many packed items
There are podiums with statues on them in an art gallery.	An art museum.	the inside of an art gallery.	An art gallery with paintings on the wall.	This clean, white walled room looks like a museum.
The interior hallway of a building.	A hallway inside a hotel.	a hallway inside.	An empty hallway with white colored walls	There is an empty hallway with lots of doors.
Person standing on a porch	A large house in the snow.	a snowy scene with a house.	A person stands on the front porch of the house covered in snow.	Woman standing on the porch of a large yellow house overlooking the snow-covered grass.
A room with a desk, whiteboard, and many chairs	A meeting room.	A conference room with a large table.	A table with chairs.	Room with lots of chairs
The cluttered and quirky interior of a home.	A small room with a manikin	A nice sewing work area.	A mannequin torso form next to a wooden cabinet and railing.	a bed room.
A dining room table.	A dining table with many wooden chairs next to it	A long table with a red tablecloth with many wooden chairs.	a red dining area.	There is a table with place settings in a large room.
A waterfall.	some water flowing into a lake.	Waterfall in the woods	A waterfall is spilling into a brook.	A waterfall going over some rocks and surrounded by trees.
The dining area of a restaurant with white cloth on the tables	Dining tables set for patrons in a restaurant.	a bunch of tables at a restaurant	A dining room before dinner service.	A restaurant with no one in it.
An open hangar.	A tin hanger.	Hangar with it's door open	a warehouse for airplanes.	An airport hanger with the bay door open.
cars at a car mechanic place	Cars waiting to be worked on at an auto repair shop.	The interior of an automotive repair shop.	some cars in a garage.	A group of cars that are being worked on.
An empty store with some shelves	the inside of a shop.	The shelves are full of many various things.	A room with a pop machine, an ice cream freezer and shelves with things to purchase.	A display inside a store.
Room with gray walls	Several identical windows facing each other.	Windows looking in on each other on a building.	A group of windows on a building.	a narrow cell.
A building with a camera on top.	The top of a large boat is decorated with a red white and blue flag.	The bow of a ship with a banner and bunting.	a light on top of a ship.	Patriotic decorations on a ship.
A river boat.	A boat on a cloudy evening.	a big ship in the water.	Ship docked in the water	A large ship under a cloudy sky.
A hotel bed.	Bed in a hotel room	a hotel bed with a red sheet.	A picture of a bed with a few things near the pillows.	A made up bed with red sheets.
A volley ball court.	A volleyball net near a large house.	a volley ball net.	Volleyball court in a field	An outdoor beach volleyball court.
A wheat field.	A large field of alot of wheat	Large field of wheat near mountainside.	a field of what.	A field.
A hallway is lighted in a building.	The hallway has a stone floor and exit doors.	A long hallway that leads to an exit.	a hallway in a hotel.	A hallway.
A store is full of clothes racks.	There are many shirts hanging on racks.	A clothing store.	The inside of a clothing store.	Women's clothes on a rack in a clothing store.
The shot of an old building in the big city	an apartment building.	The fire escape on the side of the building.	A large apartment building.	A big brick building with outdoor stairs.
A man looking into a telescope.	A man looking through a lens at a landscape down below.	Man looking at a velley	A man looking out over a valley.	a man looking over a forest.
A building that is full of steam	Smoke floating in front of a building.	A hot spring inside a building.	some smoke and a building.	A view of a misty pool
A car lot.	there are some cars ina  lot.	Cars parked in front of a service station.	A car dealership with multiple cars outside	An auto mechanic shop with used SUVs in front.
A skyscraper in a city.	A tall building.	Uniquely shaped building	some tall buildings.	A tall building with a tree in front.
A poolside with wooden furniture and palm trees	A couple palm trees over some chairs, next to a pool.	a pool by some palm trees.	A pool surrounded by palm trees and lounge chairs.	In ground swimming pool in front of chairs and large palm trees.
Looking through a hole in the ground or a wall.	Tunnel through a metal wall	a tunnel with bricks around it.	a close up of a speaker	A round well.
A white building next to an empty parking lot.	An empty parking lot in front of a white building with a red roof.	A parking lot next to a building.	A white house with a red colored roof	The white building has a red roof.
There is a large chandelier in the formal living room.	A living room with a couch and chairs.	A large beautiful regal room.	a chandelier over a living room.	A cozy room with an orange sofa and a chandelier.
The door to an elevator.	An elevator.	a golden elevator.	Elevator with closed doors.	The elevator doors are closed.
A man and woman look at a computer monitor.	A woman sits in front of a large monitor with headphones on.	A woman with a headset on sitting in front of a computer.	a person at a computer.	A computer with a woman working at it.
a volley ball net and a ball in the forest.	A volley ball sitting on the court.	Volleyball court with sand	An empty beach volleyball pit except for one ball.	No one is playing volleyball.
A large hill.	This is a cove that is surrounded by sandy beaches.	two bodies of water and a sand bar.	A sand bar cutting across water to a mountain.	an ocean divided by sand leading to a mountain.
A bullpen at a baseball field.	A baseball practice area with a lot of people in some stands.	People are starting to fill the stands at the event.	The warm up area for pitchers at a professional ball park.	a stadium with some ads.
There is an empty pool with chairs nearby.	A poolside with many chairs by its side	a pool by a forest.	A pool.	An empty pool with chairs.
A fish tank with a large coral display inside	an aquarium shot.	An aquarium with coral and sea life.	Coral under the water	An underwater coral.
A black car sits in the driveway of a gray house	a house with a black car in the driveway.	A house with a car in the driveway.	A small house with a black car parked in the driveway	A home with a garage
Christmas trees growing in a field.	Lots of pine trees growing in a field with snow on the ground.	A christmas tree farm.	Evergreen trees sit on a snowy ground.	some green trees growing.
An old stone tower.	a stone building.	Stone tower with a couple look outs	A tall stone tower.	A tall brick building.
A tight winding street with buildings on either side.	A cobblestone street winding through homes in a village.	A nicely groomed alley way.	A motorcycle sits in an alleyway with houses.	an alley way with a motorbike.
A barber shop.	Barber shop with pink sinks	A room with yellow walls and chairs in front of mirrors and sinks.	the inside of a empty hair salon	A salon with two stations and mirrors.
This is a view from a sand trap.	some trees by a golf course.	There is a sand trap in front of the golf course green and some trees.	A sand lot and a nice green field in front of a treeline.	A large field with sand.
A large kitchen.	A modern kitchen with wine and food on the island countertop.	A lovely kitchen with fruit and vegetables on the counter.	A kitchen area with food on the counter	a very fancy kitchen.
A huge room filled with windows and maroon carpet.	A room has chandeliers and a red carpet.	An ornate room with only a few chairs.	A large room with all of the chairs on the sides	a red carpeted area.
A ride up the mountain side.	People at the foot of a ski slope and two people riding back to the top on a ski lift.	People taking a chair lift	some people on a ski slope.	People ride a ski lift.
A man kneeling by a white truck	a car in the desert.	A person next to a truck in the desert.	A person checks the tires of his truck in the desert.	A car in the salt flats.
There is a lot of snow on the mountain.	There is a snow covered mountain.	A snow covered mountain.	A mountain with snow.	A snowy mountain.
A living room, and kitchen.	A small kitchen and living room	A view of the living room from the kitchen.	There is a small black dog in the kitchen.	There is a kitchen with wood floor, and a small black dog on the floor to the right.
A telescope with people using it.	Three children are on the outside deck of a boat.	Children on the deck of a ship.	some kids playing on a ship.	Children explore a battleship monument.
Flowers and decorative grass growing in front of a lawn.	Three plants in front of green grass.	A garden.	A view of some flowers by an open field	some flowers and wheat grwing.
A forest.	View of a forest	a bush scene.	A picture of bushes and trees.	Foliage.
Car getting off the freeway.	a freeway under a blue sky.	A highway with a sign.	A view of a car getting on the exit ramp of a highway	A car exiting the freeway.
A field with many small trees	Christmas trees growing on a farm.	a row of trees.	Rows of tiny christmas trees on a farm receding into the distance.	A Christmas tree farm.
A group of people.	A group of people standing around in a room.	Men in suits walk through a building.	Some people near products.	Businessmen walking through an expo building.
An outdoor oriental structure with a person standing out front.	A person stands near a Japanese building	A well lit room with people standing in front of it.	A building with an open court in the front	a chinese style building.
A large electronic machine.	Gray machine in a room	A large silver machine in a room.	a metal fabrication machine.	A large machine.
An archway in an old building.	An empty stone hallway	the inside of an old church.	The pathway inside an old, large and ornate structure such as a cathedral	A old church building.
There are 3 elevators in this building.	There is an empty hallway with elevators.	An elevator lounge in a building.	A group of elevators.	An elevator lobby.
An old and decrepit apartment building.	A large apartment building.	an apartment building with some cars outside.	A multicolored building with cars parked next to it	There is a red building with vehicles parked out front.
There are many boats on the dock.	Pier in front of many boats in a marina.	Boats are parked at a dock.	A boat dock.	a marina with boats.
a sandy beach area.	A big building next to the beach.	A beach with a walk way.	buildings along the side of black top cement near the sand	A boardwalk with a beach.
a USA flag in an airport.	American flag hung from the ceiling in a large room full of people.	There are a lot of people at an airport.	Many people who are traveling standing in line.	An airport with a flag.
A tropical river winds through palm trees.	A river with palm trees.	This is a river running through a jungle.	A river with many trees on the shoreline	Water with trees on either side.
a river under a tunnel.	A bridge hangs over a river.	Wooden covered bridge over water	An old covered bridge.	A wooden bridge over still water.
a music room.	A guitar and keyboard are in the office.	Guitar next to a keyboard	A music room.	A music room with many instruments.
A brick building.	A stone cottage.	a red stone house.	A small building with multiple windows and doors	A stone house with a bush and a lawn.
A food court with people in it.	A large food court.	the inside of a dining area.	A food court with many empty tables	There are many empty tables.
A three-story brick house with a garage, upper balcony, and arched gateway.	An orange house with a garage.	A red house.	a red brick house.	A beautiful two story wooden sided house with a garage.
a car driving down a small alley.	A van makes its way down a narrow alleyway.	A narrow street with a small white van	An alleyway with a car in it.	A vehicle on a narrow alleyway between buildings.
An outdoor shop with a few customers.	A pottery shop.	This is a very colorful shop.	A man is working in a pottery shop in an outdoor market.	a small market outside.
A big building next to an empty road.	Building by a road	A white building with many windows in front of a road.	a building by a road.	A large building.
Building with several stories	A tall apartment building.	An apartment building with hanging balconies.	Several balconies and windows of an apartment building.	an apartment building.
An old building beside water and trash on the ground.	This ramshackle building is on a dilapidated shore.	A small home, with many items on the ground in the front, by a waterway	A old rickety house next to a river.	a poor area near the water
A giant deck next to the ocean with a lot of people.	People spread out on a pier above the water.	People on a deck	People milling about on a pier.	a boardwalk near the water.
A set of orange curtains with a floral pattern.	a bed room area.	A curtained dressing room.	Floral curtains tied up next to dressing rooms.	Uniquely patterned curtains in a room
A curving brown staircase.	A large wooden staircase.	A curved stairway made of wood.	A view of a wooden staircase	Room with a wooden staircase
an ocean and some wood.	The sea crashing against a fence.	Waves crashing on the beach.	An ocean and a fence.	Waves against a wood fence.
A view of a small empty stadium	This is an empty amphitheater.	Old buildings with stairs	This is an ancient Roman arena in ruins.	There are steps leading up to an old building.
An open room with a large coffee table	a  japanese style house.	A room with a big window and a coffee table.	An Asian style room with a table.	An Asian room with a table and a sliding door.
A home theater with leather seats.	Room with a large TV	A room with a large television and a black leather couch.	a side view of a home movie theater	A black leather couch sits in front of a large TV.
The interior of a modest church with exposed beams in the ceiling.	A church with many rows of pews	An empty church.	A church including the altar, pews, and ceiling beams.	a pink wedding chapel.
No cars are waiting at an intersection with a stop sign.	A stop sign next to a road.	An intersection with a stop sign.	Gray skies move in over a highway.	Stop sign by the road
A building with multiple floors	A four story apartment building.	The fancy building has a curved facade.	A tall apartment building.	an old stone building with a tree.
Some items on display.	An art museum.	Attractions at a museum.	A gallery with multiple sculptures on display	Lots of different sculptures
an outside area with chairs.	A large building next to a sidewalk.	A building with red and white columns.	A large building that looks like a school.	Building by the road
The inside of a beautiful building.	A spacious art gallery with many sculpture pieces.	The large formal room has an intricately decorated ceiling.	chandeliers in a chapel.	A view of the door in a very large room that has chandeliers.
Square glass window on the ground surrounded by small shrubbery and circular wall.	Some small bushes with a clear square on the ground.	A run down garden.	A grassy area with small trees and a glass structure	rose bushes in a garden.
There is an ornately decorated hallway with big pillars.	A large hall with many houseplants and chandeliers	a hallway with chandeliers.	A beautiful room inside a mansion.	A decorated room with fancy lights and chairs.
A large field.	a field full of bright and green grass	a green pasture land.	Tractor in a large field	A tractor is in the grass field.
A lot of tables set up in a tent.	A room with many tables and white colored chairs	some chair under a tent.	A large, roofed pavilion with many long tables filled with chairs	A group of tables.
a red building with people walking by	People walk along a path.	People walking to and from a large building.	People walk next too a modern-looking brick building.	A building with people outside.
A very high waterfall rushing over a cliff.	Large waterfall with a blue sky	A waterfall.	A large waterfall coming down a cliff.	a big waterfall.
A telescope.	People climbing up to the deck of an observatory.	People at an observatory	an observatory with people around it.	People mounting steps to an observatory.
A walkway through the mountains.	a part of the sky seen through the rocks.	A high climbing rock ledge.	A path worn through a rocky hill.	A walkway through some rocks.
A mountain range in the background with a pool.	A pool in front of snow covered mountains.	a snowy mountain over a pool.	there are snowy mountains behind the swimming pool.	An outdoor swimming pool in front of snow-covered mountains.
a castle with some trees.	A large building.	The exterior of an ornate building.	A large building with people walking around in front.	A view of a tan colored brick building
A grass hut.	Old wooden hut with stone deck.	A small and fragile hut is ready to collapse	a thatch roof house.	House with a thatched roof
A sewing area.	A very small kitchen and dining area.	A room with a small table and two chairs	A small table, ironing board, and counter in a small kitchen.	A room with two chairs and an ironing board.
A row of town homes with one car parked out front.	a car parked on a street.	House with a car parked out front	A row of townhouses with window shutters and dormers.	A car outside an apartment building.
A desert on a sunny day.	A desert scene on a cloudy day.	There are posts and dead brush in the desert.	some clouds in the sky of a desert.	A fence on the open range.
A street lamp along an empty street.	a wet concrete area.	A misty area next to an ocean.	There is an empty parking lot with a lamp post and building in the background	This a rainy paved area behind a secure building.
a pond leading to a cavern surrounded by rocks.	a watery area with rocks.	The water is running under the large rock.	A cave with a river flowing through it.	An entrance to a cave next to some water.
A large piece of land with a tree and two buildings in the background.	A field with a house in it.	Tree in an open field with farmhouse and mountains in the distance.	A tree stand in front of a building in a grassy field.	A green meadow with a large tree and a few buildings in the background
A brick building.	A concrete building with an asphalt road and clouds in the sky.	a red concrete building.	A back entrance and shipping doors of a brick building.	A brick building next to a parking lot.
A brick wall with bottles and a fireplace.	A brick wall has a fireplace in it.	A mantle place with beer bottles on it over a brick oven.	A view of a furnace with bottles above it	a brick fireplace.
A wresting ring with a ring of chairs.	An empty boxing ring in the middle of an arena	Boxing ring inside large stadium.	a stadium with red seat.	An empty ring and arena.
A beach.	A coastal view of a beach and green vegetation.	There is green foliage on the beach.	some water on a beach.	A sandy beach with trees in the background.
A large dried up war field.	Sandbag walls in a beige desert.	A rocky landscape with possible ancient ruins.	desert landscap.	A low-laying shelter is constructed out of sandbags in the desert.
An old barn.	A grassy field with a small building surrounded by a wooden fence	An old barn with a fence and green grass out front.	Old barn with a rusty roof	An old building in a grass field.
A golf course.	A view over a beautiful green lawn.	A grassy field	An open field of grass with a road going through	A rolling green field with trees in the background.
A river in the forest.	A stream running through the forest.	A river in the forest.	some trees over a creek.	Creek in the forest
A beautiful building.	This is a hallway in an ornately decorated historical building.	some people in an old building.	A fancy room with people standing in it.	Several people milling about inside a grand looking building
A snowy mountain range.	Snow on the mountains next to the ocean.	some water by snow.	An ice covered cliff overlooking mountains.	A snow covered mountain.
a green lawn by a castle.	An old building behind a grass field.	A courtyard.	a land full of green grass with a large building going around it	A courtyard in a castle.
a concrete land outisde.	A large building has a curved roof and a glass exterior.	A building with a white roof and large glass windows	An airport.	An outdoor structure with a large cement entryway.
A bare area of ground with some scattered piles of rocks strewn about.	Ground and bushes.	An old ruin site.	Forest with lots of trees	a bomb site.
Room with several cannons	A room has hardwood floors and machines.	the inside of a ship with cannons.	A building with cannons inside.	Canons lined against one wall of a ship.
A house.	an asian style building.	A small building with a red roof sits in front of a few sparse trees.	The house with the red roof has a large driveway.	The outside of a building with a red roof and a stairwell.
a round about area and a yield sign.	The street has signs and trees beside it.	A parking sign lines a causeway.	Sign by a road	A one way street.
A beautiful view of green grasses with a mountain range in the distance.	some mountains past a landscape.	A grassy field in front of mountains.	A desert area with various plants and shrubs, and low mountains in the background.	A large field of grasses.
The inside of a very unique buidling.	the inside of art gallery.	A room with a counter in one corner	A  totem with a candle.	This is a room with a candle on a pillar and another large stone podium.
A mountain range.	A forest lake with green mountains in the background.	A view of a forest surrounding a river	A body of water in front of a mountain range.	a lake and a big forest.
Mountains covered in snow	a snow mountain land.	Snowy mountains.	A mountain range.	Snow capped mountains.
A barn in a field.	A pasture with a barn.	a farm under a blue sky.	Farm in a field	A red farm with a large amount of land
A cabin in front of snow capped mountains.	A house by a mountain covered in snow	A mountain with a cabin.	a snowy mountain and a cabin.	A cabin in winter in the mountains.
Bare trees and an old wooden fence.	a cold stable.	A fence next to a barn house.	Field with a fence	A building next to a fenced in grass field.
a green pasture land.	A green grass field in front of a large body of water.	Expansive green prairie under a blue sky.	A large grassy field.	there is a field of grass by the water.
People walking down the street	A long sidewalk next to a lot of buildings.	some buildings.	A building in the city.	People walking on the sidewalk beside a building.
A large field.	Rolling hills shine various colors of green.	a green field.	a beautiful green meadow	A field has tall and short grass.
This is a very green and hilly countryside.	A hill side.	a forest and a cliff.	A forest landscape covered with green trees on a hill.	There are many trees on the hillside.
People on the side walk at a park.	A large cement area with people walking on it.	some pavement by the trees.	People standing by the trees	A court with people sitting at the side
The roof of a house with a chimney and a tower.	A church building.	A rooftop cupola with white railings and a blue shingled roof.	a chimney on a house.	An enclosed balcony on top of a home.
A boat on the water next to the mountains.	The sight of a ship in the water	a battle ship going at the sea.	A large barge.	The deck of a large ship on a body of water
A living room with many couches and chairs.	A living room with seating, coffee table, desk, and rug, with French doors looking on to a dining room.	A large sitting room with lots of sun.	Room with a glass coffee table	a living room.
A frozen lake in front of snow capped mountains.	Snow covered mountains	A lake is surrounded by snow with trees and mountains in the background.	a lake and a snowy mountain.	A mountain range.
Sun shines through the rafters.	A building with large outdoor hallways and metal beams.	Looking at the ceiling inside of a tall building.	the inside of a warehouse.	A large tall building.
A mountain range.	A shot of mountains with gray clouds over it	a mountain under a cloud.	Large valley with a clear blue sky	A mountain range stretches into the distance.
A deck with some people in front of a flight of stairs	A large area with weapons.	a battle ship with rockets.	People on a naval ship.	There are people looking at a cannon.
A view of a multi-colored house	A house outside.	A white house with red trim and a brick chimney.	A house with a wall in front of it.	A two story house.
The landscape is flat, and there is a line of trees in the distance.	The green field is empty.	a cloudy sky over a green pasture.	An open grass field under a blue sky.	A field on a sunny day.